(#4 Privet Drive, Surrey – Night) 
(An elderly man dressed in the robes of a wizard walks up to the end of the drive. He pulls a ‘put-outer’ from his robes and puts out all the lights on the street. When he is done he walks over to #4. There he sees a gray cat sitting on the ledge, looking at him.) 
Dumbledore: I should've known you would have been here Professor McGonagall. 
(The cat changes into a somewhat elderly woman with gray hair and glasses.) 
McGonagall: Good evening Professor Dumbledore. (pause) Are the rumors true Albus? 
Dumbledore: I'm afraid so Professor. The good and the bad. 
McGonagall: And the boy? 
Dumbledore: Hagrid is bringing him. 
McGonagall: Do you think it wise to trust Hagrid with something as important as this? 
Dumbledore: Ah, Prof. I would trust Hagrid with my life 
(Suddenly they hear the sound of a motor, and a flying motorcycle lands just near them. An extremely big man, Hagrid, climbs off of the motorcycle with a baby in his arms.) 
Hagrid: Professor Dumbledore, sir. Professor McGonagall. 
Dumbledore: No problems I trust Hagrid? 
Hagrid: No, sir. Little tyke fell asleep as we were flying over Bristol. Try not to wake him. There you go. (He hands the baby to Dumbledore.) 
McGonagall: Albus, do really think it's safe leaving him with these people? I've watched them all day. There're the worst sort of Muggles imaginable. They really are- -
Dumbledore: The only family he has. 
McGonagall: This boy will be famous. There won't be a child in our world who doesn't know his name. 
Dumbledore: Exactly. He's far better off growing up away from all of that. Until he is ready. There, there Hagrid. It's not really goodbye after all. (He sets the baby down on #4’s doorstep and places a letter with him.) Good Luck, Harry Potter. 
(10 years later) 
(A 10 year old Harry Potter is sleeping in his cupboard under the stairs. Suddenly the slit in his door opens and his Aunt Petunia shouts at him to wake up.) 
Aunt Petunia: Up. Get up! Now! 
(Aunt Petunia slams the slit shut and Harry slowly get out of bed. He reaches up and gets his glasses from the shelf next to his bed. As he does so his cousin, Dudley, comes pounding down the stairs. He jumps on the stairs a few times causing some dust to fall onto Harry’s face.) 
Dudley: Wake up cousin! We're going to the zoo! 
(Dudley finishes coming down the stairs. He runs past Harry’s cupboard, shoving Harry back in as he passes and then continues on into the kitchen. Harry comes fully out of the cupboard and shut it behind him and then follows Dudley into the kitchen.) 
(Kitchen) 
(Aunt Petunia is fawning over Dudley as Harry walks in.) 
Aunt Petunia: Here he comes the birthday boy! 
Uncle Vernon: Happy birthday son. 
Aunt Petunia: Why don't you just cook the breakfast and try not to burn anything. 
Harry: Yes Aunt Petunia. 
(Harry goes over to the stove and finishes cooking the bacon.) 
Aunt Petunia: I want everything to be perfect for my Dudley's special day! 
Uncle Vernon: Hurry up! Bring my coffee boy! 
Harry: Yes Uncle Vernon. 
Aunt Petunia: Aren't they wonderful darling? 
Dudley: (looks around at all the gifts) How many are there? 
Uncle Vernon: 36, Counted them myself. 
Dudley: 36?! BUT LAST YEAR LAST YEAR I HAD 37!!! 
Uncle Vernon: Yes, but some of them are a bit bigger than last year's! 
Dudley: I don't care how big they are! 
Aunt Petunia: Now, now, now, this is what we're going to do. Is that when we go out we're going to buy you 2 new presents. How's that pumpkin? 
(Later that Morning) 
(The entire family heads out to the car.) 
Aunt Petunia: It should be a lovely day at the zoo. I'm really looking forward to it. 
(Uncle Vernon pulls Harry aside and shakes a finger at him.) 
Uncle Vernon: I'm warning you now boy. Any funny business, any at all and you won't have any meals for a week. Get in. 
(The Zoo – Reptile House) 
(Dudley, Harry, and Uncle Vernon are looking at a very large snake in a tank.) 
Dudley: Make it move. 
Uncle Vernon: (he taps the glass) Move. 
Dudley: MOVE! 
Harry: He's asleep! 
Dudley: He's boring. 
(Dudley and Uncle Vernon wander off. Harry turns back to the snake and talks to him.) 
Harry: Sorry about him he doesn't understand what it's like, lying there day after day watching people press their ugly faces in on you. (The snake opens its eyes and raises it’s head to look at him.) Can you hear me? (The snake nods.) It's just I've never talked to a snake before. Do you… Do you talk to people often? (The snake shakes it’s head no.) You're from Burma, aren't you? Was it nice there? Did you miss your family? (The snake points to a sign near his cage that says it was born in captivity.) I see. That's me as well. I never knew my parents either. 
(Suddenly Harry hears a shout from behind him and he gets knocked out of the way by Dudley.) 
Dudley: Mummy, Dad, come here you won't believe what this snake is doing! (Harry looks on in shock as the glass in front of Dudley disappears and Dudley falls into the tank.) Woah! Woah! Ah! 
(The snake slithers out and turns to face Harry.) 
Snake: Thanks. 
Harry: Any time. 
(The snake heads out of the reptile house amid a lot of screams.) 
Oth: Snake! Ahh! 
(Dudley stands up, ready to climb out of the tank, but the glass has suddenly reappeared and he’s stuck inside.) 
Dudley: Mum! Mummy! Help me! 
Aunt Petunia: My darling boy! How did you get in there! Who did this? How did you get in there? Is there a snake? 
(Harry chuckles a bit but quickly stops when Uncle Vernon turns and gives him a deadly look.) 
(#4 Privet Drive) 
(They have all arrived home again. Aunt Petunia comes in the house with Dudley, who is now wrapped in a towel. Uncle Vernon follows them in dragging Harry along.) 
Aunt Petunia: It's all right sweetheart. We'll get you out of these terrible clothes. 
Uncle Vernon: What happened? 
Harry: I swear, I don't know! One minute the glass was there then it was gone, it was like magic! 
(Uncle Vernon shoves Harry into his cupboard under the stairs.) 
Uncle Vernon: There's no such thing as magic. 
(Days Later – Front Entry) 
(Harry goes to the front door to collect the mail. He flips through a few letters but comes to a stop when he sees one addressed to him.) 
(Kitchen) 
(Uncle Vernon and Dudley sit at the table while Aunt Petunia is busy fixing breakfast. Harry walks in with the mail and hands it to Uncle Vernon then walks to his seat with his letter.) 
Uncle Vernon: Oh Marge is ill. Ate a funny whelk. 
Dudley: Dad! Look! Harry's got a letter! 
(Dudley grabs the letter from Harry and gives it to his father.) 
Harry: Hey give it back! It's mine! 
Uncle Vernon: Yours? Who'd be writing to you? 
(He looks at the letter then turns it over and sees that it’s from Hogwarts. He and Aunt Petunia share a look.) 
(For the next few days they receive more and more letters, and more and more owls land outside.) 
(Day) 
(Harry is inside his cupboard. He hears a noise and opens the door to investigate. Uncle Vernon is nailing the mail slot shut.) 
Uncle Vernon: No more mail through this letterbox. 
(Morning) 
(Aunt Petunia walks Uncle Vernon out to his car.) 
Aunt Petunia: Have a lovely day at the office, dear. 
(She looks up and sees that there are about 20-30 owls around the front yard.) 
Uncle Vernon: Shoo! Go on! 
(Sunday) 
(The three Dursley’s and Harry are seated around the parlor. Harry is serving everyone tea.) 
Uncle Vernon: Fine day Sunday. In my opinion best day of the week. And why is that Dudley? 
(Dudley shrugs his shoulders.) 
Harry: Because there's no post on Sundays. 
Uncle Vernon: (takes a cookie) Right you are Harry. No post on Sunday. Ha! No blasted letters today! No, sir! Not one single bloody letter! Not one! No sir, not one blasted, miserable- - 
(Suddenly there is a sound coming from the fireplace and before they can blink, hundreds of letters begin to shoot out and into the room.) 
Dudley: Make it stop, please! 
Uncle Vernon: Stop it! 
Dudley: Mummy what's happening? 
(Harry jumps up on the coffee table and manages to catch one of the letters. Uncle Vernon sees this and goes after Harry, but Harry runs out of the room into the hallway.) 
Uncle Vernon: Give me that! Give me that letter! 
(He manages to catch Harry and tries to get the letter from him.) 
Harry: Get off! They're my letters! Let go of me! 
Uncle Vernon: That's it! We're going away, far away! Where they can't find us! 
Dudley: (to his mother) Daddy's gone mad hasn't he? 
(Rock on the Sea) 
(It’s a few minutes before midnight. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia are asleep upstairs. Dudley sleeps on the couch and Harry lays on the floor, drawing a birthday cake in the dirt. He draws 11 candles on the cake. When Dudley’s watch chimes 12:00, he blows out the candles.) 
Harry: Make a wish, Harry. 
(Suddenly there is a loud pounding on the front door. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia wake up and come downstairs. Uncle Vernon carries a gun. Dudley wakes up as well.) 
Uncle Vernon: Who's there? 
(Harry jumps into a corner as the front door bangs open.) 
Hagrid: Sorry 'bout that. 
(Hagrid lifts the door and shuts it behind him.) 
Uncle Vernon: I demand that you leave at once. You are breaking and entering. 
(Hagrid walks over to the Dursley’s.) 
Hagrid: Dry up Dursley you great prune. (He bends the end of the shot gun up and it blows a hole in the roof. He then turns to Dudley.) Well, I haven't seen you since you was a baby Harry. But you're a bit more along then I would have expected; particularly around the middle. 
Dudley: I'm not... I'm not Harry. 
Harry: (coming out of the corner) I am. 
Hagrid: Well of course you are! Got something for you. Afraid I might have sat on it at some point but I imagine it'll taste fine just the same. (He hands Harry a box.) Baked it myself, words and all. 
(Harry opens the box and it’s his very first birthday cake.) 
Harry: Thank you! 
Hagrid: It's not everyday your young man turns 11 now it is? 
Harry: Excuse me, but who are you? 
Hagrid: Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts. Of course you know all about Hogwarts 
Harry: Sorry, no. 
Hagrid: No? Blimey Harry didn't you ever wonder didn't you ever wonder how your mum and dad learned it all? 
Harry: Learned what? 
Hagrid: You're a wizard Harry. 
Harry: I'm a what? 
Hagrid: A wizard. And a thumpin' good one I'd wager once you've trained up a bit. 
Harry: No, you've made a mistake. I mean I can't be a wizard... I mean I'm Harry, Just Harry. 
Hagrid: Well, "Just Harry" did you ever make anything happen? Anything you couldn't explain, when you were angry or scared? (Harry remembers the times that he did indeed make something happen.) Um Hum. 
(Hagrid hands him one of the letters.) 
Harry: (reading) Dear Mr. Potter, we are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. 
Uncle Vernon: He will not be going! We swore when we took him in that we would put a stop to all of this rubbish! 
Harry: You knew? You knew all along and you never told me? 
Aunt Petunia: Of course we knew. How could you not be? My perfect being who she was. Oh I remember the day she got her letter. My parents were so proud. We have a witch in the family. Isn't it wonderful? I was the only one who saw her for what she was… a freak. And then she met that Potter, and then she had you and I knew you would be the same just as strange just as abnormal. And then, if you please, she got herself blown up, and we got landed with you. 
Harry: Blown up?! You told me my parents died in a car crash! 
Hagrid: A car crash? A car crash killed Lily and James Potter? 
Aunt Petunia: We had to say something! 
Hagrid: It's an outrage. It's a scandal. 
Uncle Vernon: He will not be going. 
Hagrid: Oh and I suppose a great Muggle like yourself is gonna stop him. 
Harry: Muggle? 
Hagrid: Non- magic folk. This boy's had his name down since he were born. He's going to the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. And he'll be under the finest headmaster that Hogwarts has ever seen, Albus Dumbledore… 
Uncle Vernon: I will not pay to have some crack pot old fool teach him magic tricks! 
Hagrid: (He whips out his pink umbrella) Never insult Albus Dumbledore in front of me… (He spots that Dudley is eating Harry’s cake and points the umbrella at him. Suddenly Dudley has a pig’s tail growing out of his rear end. All 3 Dursley’s scream and run upstairs. He turns back to Harry.) I'd appreciate it if you didn't tell anyone at Hogwarts about that. Strictly speaking I'm not supposed to do magic. 
Harry: OK 
Hagrid: We're a bit behind schedule. Best be off. Unless you'd rather stay, of course. (He heads for the door.) 
(London) 
(Harry and Hagrid walk along. Harry is looking at his school supply list.) 
Harry: (reading) All students must be equipped with a one standard size two pewter cauldron, and may bring, if they desire, either an owl, a cat, or a toad. (to Hagrid) Can we find all this in London? 
Hagrid: If you know where to go. 
(He motions to The Leaky Cauldron.) 
(The Leaky Cauldron) 
(Hagrid and Harry enter the dimly lit tavern.) 
Tom (Bartender): Ah, Hagrid the usual I presume. 
Hagrid: No thanks Tom, I'm on official Hogwarts business. Just helping young Harry buy his school business. 
Tom: Bless my soul, it's Harry Potter. 
Man: Welcome back Mr. Potter welcome back. 
Doris: Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter. I can't believe I'm meeting you at last. 
Prof. Quirrell: Harry P-p-potter. C-can't tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you. 
Hagrid: Hello, professor I didn't see you there. Harry Professor Quirrell will be your defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. 
Harry: Oh, nice to meet you. 
(He holds out his hand, but Quirrell avoids taking it.) 
Quirrell: A fearfully fascinating subject. N-not that you need it, eh, P-potter? 
Hagrid: Yes, well must be going now. Lots to buy. 
Harry: Good bye. 
Hagrid: See, Harry? You're famous. 
(Alley) 
(Hagrid and Harry walk into an alley just behind The Leaky Cauldron.) 
Harry: But why am I famous Hagrid? All those people back there how is it they know who I am? 
Hagrid: I'm not exactly sure I'm the right person to tell you that, Harry. (He pulls out his umbrella and taps a few bricks on the wall. The bricks begin to move, forming an opening to walk through.) Welcome Harry, to Diagon Alley. 
(Diagon Alley) 
(Hagrid points out various shops to Harry.) 
Hagrid: (points to Flourish and Blotts) That's where you get your quills and ink. Over there, all your bits and bobs for doing wizardry. 
(They pass by a broom shop with the new Nimbus 2000 in the window.) 
Child1: It's a world class racing broom. 
Child2: Wow! Look at it the new Nimbus 2000! It's the fastest model yet! 
Harry: But Hagrid how am I to pay for all this? I haven't any money. 
Hagrid: (points to a building) Well there's your money Harry! Gringotts, the wizard bank! Ain't no safer place, not one! 'Cept perhaps Hogwarts. 
(Gringotts) 
(Hagrid and Harry walk along the main corridor. On either side of them goblins are hard at work.) 
Harry: Hagrid what exactly are these things? 
Hagrid: They're goblins Harry. Clever as they come the goblins, but not the most friendly of beasts. Best stay close. (They reach the main desk where the head goblin sits.) Mr. Harry Potter wishes to make a withdrawal 
Head Goblin: (sets down his quill) And does Mr. Harry Potter have his key? 
Hagrid: Wait a minute. Got it here somewhere. Ha! There's the little devil. Oh, and there's something else as well. Professor Dumbledore gave me this. (He hands the goblin a piece of paper.) It's about You- Know- What in vault you know which. 
Head Goblin: Very well. 
(Vault 687) 
(Harry, Hagrid, and Griphook arrive at Harry’s vault. Griphook climbs out of the cart.) 
Griphook: Vault 687. Lamp please. (Hagrid hands him the lamp.) Key, please. (Hagrid hands him the key.) 
(Griphook opens the vault and Harry is shocked to find out how much money he has.) 
Hagrid: Didn't think your mum and dad would leave you with nothing now did you? 
(Vault 713) 
(They now arrive at Hagrid’s vault.) 
Griphook: Vault 713. 
Harry: What's in there Hagrid? 
Hagrid: Can't tell you Harry. Hogwarts business. Very secret. 
Griphook: Stand back. 
(Griphook runs his finger along the outside of the vault, which unlocks all the locks on the inside. The vault door opens and Hagrid steps inside. He picks up a small package that sits alone on the floor.) 
Hagrid: Best not to mention this to anyone Harry. 
(Diagon Alley) 
(Later our boys are walking along the throng of people and Harry is checking his school supply list again.) 
Harry: I still need... a wand. 
Hagrid: A wand? (points) Well, you want Ollivander's. There ain't no place better. Why don't you run along and wait. I got one more thing to do. Won't be long. 
(Ollivander’s) 
(Harry enters alone and looks around the dusty shop.) 
Harry: Hello? Hello? 
(An elderly man comes into view.) 
Mr. Ollivander: I wondered when I'd be seeing you Mr. Potter. It seems only yesterday that you mother and father were in here buying their first wands. (picks out a box) Here we are. (He opens the box and takes out the wand and hands it to Harry who holds it.) Well give it a wave. (Harry gives it a wave and a vase explodes. Harry sets the wand down very quickly.) Apparently not. Perhaps this. . (Harry gives it a wave and several shelves shoot out of a cabinet. Harry quickly sets the wand down.) NO, no definitely not. No matter. (He goes and pulls out another wand.) I wonder… (He hand it to Harry and Harry is suddenly surrounded by a yellowish light. He takes the wand back from Harry.) Curious... very curious. (He begins to box up the wand.) 
Harry: Sorry but what's curious 
Mr. Ollivander: I remember every wand that I've sold Mr. Potter, every one. It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather resides in your wand, gave another feather. Just one other. It is curious that you should be destined for this wand when its brother gave you that scar. 
Harry: And who owned that wand? 
Mr. Ollivander: We do not speak his name. The wand chooses the wizard Mr. Potter. It is not always clear why. But I think it is clear that we can expect great things from you. After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things. Terrible, yes, but great. 
Hagrid: Harry! (Harry looks and sees Hagrid through the window holding up a cage with a snowy owl in it.) Harry! Happy Birthday! 
Harry: Whoa! 
(The Leaky Cauldron) 
(Harry and Hagrid are done with Harry’s school shopping and are having dinner.) 
Hagrid: You all right Harry? You seem very quiet. 
Harry: He killed my parents didn't he? The one who gave me this. You know Hagrid. I know you do. 
Hagrid: First and understand this Harry because it's very important. Not all wizards are good. Some of them go bad. A few years ago one of them went as bad as you can go. His name was V--. His name was V--. 
Harry: Well maybe if you wrote it down? 
Hagrid: Naw I can't spell it. (whispers) All right, Voldemort. 
Harry: Voldemort? 
Hagrid: Shh. It was dark times Harry, dark times. Voldemort started to gather some followers. Brought them over to the Dark Side. Anyone who stood up to him ended up dead. Your parents fought against him. Nobody lived once he decided to kill them. Nobody, not one. Except you. 
Harry: Me? Voldemort tried to kill me? 
Hagrid: Yes. That ain't no ordinary cut on your forehead Harry. A mark from that only comes from being touched by a curse, an evil curse at that. 
Harry: What happened to V--… To You-Know-Who? 
Hagrid: Well some say he died. Codswallop in my opinion. Nope, I reckon he's out there still too tired to carry on. But one thing's absolutely certain. Something about you stumped him that night. That's why you're famous. That's why everybody knows your name. You're the boy who lived. 
(London Train Station) 
(Hagrid and Harry walk along an airbridge toward the trains. They to make an odd pair, as Hagrid stands about 3 times taller than Harry.) 
Hagrid: (to Muggle) What are you looking at? (looks at his watch) Blimey is that time? Sorry Harry, but I'm gonna have to leave you. Dumbledore would be wanting his… Well, he'd be wanting to see me. Now, your train leaves in 10 minutes. Here's your ticket. Stick to it Harry, that's very important. Stick to you ticket. 
Harry: (looks down at his ticket) Platform 9 ¾? But, Hagrid, there must be a mistake. This says Platform 9 ¾. There's no such thing. Is there? (He looks up but Hagrid is gone.)
(Train Platform) Platform Agent: (to man) Sorry. 
Harry: Excuse me! Excuse me! 
Platform Agent: (to woman) On your left. 
Harry: Excuse me sir. Can you tell me where I might find Platform 9 ¾? 
Platform Agent: 9 ¾? Think you're being funny do you? 
Mrs. Weasley: It's the same every year packed with Muggles of course. Come on! 
Harry: Muggles? 
(Harry follows the woman. She has red hair and is surrounded by 5 red headed children. Two of the boys are twins.) 
Mrs. Weasley: Platform 9 ¾ this way! All right Percy you first. (Percy runs through the wall between platforms 9 and 10 and disappears. Harry gasps.) Fred you next. 
George: He's not Fred I am! 
Fred: Honestly, woman you call yourself our mother! 
Mrs. Weasley: I'm sorry George. 
Fred: Only joking! I am Fred. 
(Fred and George run through the barrier.) 
Harry: (walking up) Excuse me! Could you tell me how to…
Mrs. Weasley: How to get on to the platform? Yes, not to worry dear, it's Ron's first time to Hogwarts as well. Now, all you have to do is walk straight at the wall between platforms 9 and 10. Best do it at a run if you're nervous. 
Ginny: Good luck! 
(Hogwarts Express) 
(Harry sits in a cabin by himself. The youngest red headed boy, Ron, comes up to the door.) 
Ron: Excuse me, do you mind? Every where else is full. 
Harry: Not at all. 
(Ron sits down across from Harry.) 
Ron: I'm Ron by the way! Ron Weasley. 
Harry: I'm Harry. Harry Potter. 
Ron: SO it's true! DO you really have the… the… 
Harry: The what? 
Ron: The scar? 
Harry: Oh! (He holds up his bangs so Ron can see the scar.) 
Ron: Wicked! 
(An elderly witch pulls up outside in the corridor pushing a trolley that’s brimming with food.) 
Witch: Anything off the trolley dears? 
Ron: No, thanks, I'm all set. (Holds up a sandwich.) 
Harry: We'll take the lot! (Pulls a handful of coins from his pocket.) 
Ron: Woah! 
(Later) 
(The boys are surrounded by foods of every kind. Harry picks up a box.) 
Harry: Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans? 
Ron: They mean every flavor! There's chocolate, peppermint and also, spinach liver, and tripe. George sweared he got boogie flavored one once. 
Harry: These aren't real frogs are they? 
Ron: It's just a spell. But it's the cards you want. Each pack's got a famous witch or wizard. I got about 500 me self. (Harry opens the box and the chocolate frog jumps out.) Watch it! (The frog jumps onto the window and then flings himself out.) That's rotten luck. They've only got one good jump in them to begin with. 
Harry: (looks at his card) I've got Dumbledore! 
Ron: I've got about 6 of him. 
Harry: Hey, he's gone! 
Ron: Well you can't expect him to hang around all day, can you? This is Scabbers by the way. Pathetic isn't he? 
Harry: Just a little bit. 
Ron: Fred gave me a spell as to turn him yellow. Want to see? 
Harry: Yeah! 
Ron: Ahem… Sunshine… 
(A girl about their age walks up to the doorway and interrupts. She glances around the cabin and then sighs.) 
Hermione: Has anyone seen a toad? A boy named Neville's has one. 
Ron: No. 
Hermione: Oh are you doing magic? Let's see then. 
Ron: Ahem. Sunshine Daisies Butter Mellow Turn this stupid fat rat yellow. 
(The rat stays the same color and the only thing that happens is that the box he was nosing around in shoots off.) 
Hermione: Are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good is it? Of course, I've only tried a few simple ones myself but they've all worked for me. (She goes to sit across from Harry.) For example: Oculus Reparo. (The break in Harry’s glasses fixes itself. The boys look at each other in shock.) That's better isn't it? Holy cricket! You're Harry Potter! I'm Hermione Granger. And you are…? 
Ron: I'm Ron Weasley. 
Hermione: Pleasure. You two better change into your robes. I expect we'll be arriving soon. (She goes to leave, but turns back.) You've dirt on your nose by the way. (points to a spot on her nose) Just there. 
(Hogwarts Platform) 
(All the students on board disembark.) 
Hagrid: Right then. First years this way, please! First years, don't be shy. Come on now, hurry up! Hello Harry! 
Harry: Hi Hagrid! 
Ron: (looking up at Hagrid) Woah! 
Hagrid: Right, then. This way to the boats. Come on now, follow me. 
(The Lake) 
(The First Years always take boats to the castle. Ron and Harry are in a boat together. They look up in amazement at Hogwarts.) 
Ron: Wicked! 
(The Castle – Corridor) 
(The first years all file into a corridor outside the Main Hall. Professor McGonagall meets them there.) 
McGonagall: Welcome to Hogwarts. Now, in a few moments you will pass through these doors and join your classmates. But before you take your seats, you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Now while you're here your house will be like your family. Your triumphs will earn you points. Any rule breaking and you will loose points. At the end of the year, the houses with the most points is awarded the house cup. 
(She looks down as a toad begins to croak.) 
Neville: Trevor! (McGonagall gives him a look.) Sorry. (He takes Trevor and goes back to his place.) 
McGonagall: The Sorting Ceremony will begin momentarily. (She leaves.) 
Draco Malfoy: It's true then, what they're saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts. 
All: Harry Potter? 
Malfoy: This is Crabbe and Goyle. And I'm Malfoy. Draco Malfoy. (Ron covers up a laugh.) Think my name's funny do you? No need to ask yours. Red hair and a hand-me-down robe? You must be a Weasley. You'll soon find out that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. You don't want to making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there. 
(Malfoy holds out his hand for Harry to shake, but Harry doesn’t take it.) 
Harry: I think I can tell the wrong sort for my self thanks. 
McGonagall: We're ready for you. Follow me. 
(McGonagall walks up again and taps Malfoy on the shoulder. He goes back to his place after shooting Harry a dirty look.) 
(Great Hall) 
(All the first years file in after McGonagall. Candles float in midair, and the ceiling looks like the night sky. All the other students watch them file in.) 
Hermione: (to girl) It's not real the ceiling. It's just bewitched to look like the night outside. I read about it in Hogwarts, A History. 
(They reach the front of the Hall where all the teachers sit at a long table. They come to a stop and McGonagall goes up the few steps to stand beside a stool with a hat on it.) 
McGonagall: Will you wait along here please. Now before we begin, Professor Dumbledore would like to say a few words. 
Dumbledore: (stands) I have a few start-of-term notices I wish to announce. The first years please note, that the Dark Forest is strictly forbidden to all students. Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch, has asked me to remind you that the third floor corridor on the right hand side is out of bounds to all who do not wish to die a most painful death. Thank you. (He sits down.) 
(McGonagall picks up the hat off the stool and looks at a list of names in her other hand.) 
McGonagall: When I call your name you will come forth, I shall place the Sorting Hat on your head, and you will be sorted into your houses. Hermione Granger! 
Hermione: (to herself) Oh, no. OK relax. 
(She goes up to the stool.) 
Ron: Mental that one, I'm telling you. 
(Hermione sits and McGonagall puts the hat on her head.) 
Sorting Hat: Ah, right then. Hum… Right. Okay, Gryffindor! 
(Hermione smiles and goes to join the other Gryffindor’s.) 
McGonagall: Draco Malfoy! 
(Draco goes to the stool and the hat just barely touches his head before shouting out a House.) 
Sorting Hat: Slytherin! 
(Draco smiles and goes to the Slytherin table.) 
Ron: (to Harry) There's no witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin. 
McGonagall: Susan Bones! 
(As Harry looks at one of the professors talking to Quirrell his scar begins to hurt.) 
Harry: Ow! 
Ron: Harry what is it? 
Harry: Nothing. Nothing, I'm fine 
Sorting Hat: …where shall I put you? Let's see... I know! Hufflepuff! 
(Susan goes over to the Hufflepuff table.) 
McGonagall: Ronald Weasley! 
(Ron nervously goes to sit on the stool and the hat is placed on his head.) 
Sorting Hat: Ha! Another Weasley! I know just what to do with you… Gryffindor! 
(Ron sighs with relief and goes to sit with Hermione and his brothers.) 
McGonagall: Harry Potter. 
(The Hall comes alive with students trying to get a look at Harry as he goes to sit on the stool. McGonagall places that hat on his head.) 
Sorting Hat: Hmmm… Difficult, very difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. There's talent, oh yes, and a thirst to prove yourself. But where to put you… 
Harry: (quietly) Not Slytherin, not Slytherin! 
Sorting Hat: Not Slytherin eh? Are you sure? You could be great you know. It's all herein your head. And Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, there's no doubt about that. No?
Harry: (whispering) Please, Please anything but Slytherin, anything but Slytherin. 
Sorting Hat: Well if you're sure, better be… Gryffindor! 
(Amid lots of cheers from the Gryffindor table Harry goes to join them.) 
Fred & George: We got Potter! We got Potter! 
(Later, all the first years have been sorted, and McGonagall calls for attention.) 
McGonagall: Your attention please. 
Dumbledore: Let the feast begin! 
(Suddenly the plates before everyone are filled with food, and they all dig in.) 
(Gryffindor Table) 
Harry: Wow! 
Seamus: I'm half and half. Me dad's a Muggle, mam's a witch. Bit of a nasty shock for him when he found out! 
Harry: Say Percy, who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell? 
Percy: Oh, Professor Snape, head of Slytherin house. 
Harry: What's he teach? 
Percy: Potions. But everyone knows it's the Dark Arts he fancies. He's been after Quirrell's job for years. 
(Suddenly a ghost pops through the table.) 
Ron: Ah! 
Nearly Headless Nick: Hello! How are you? Welcome to Gryffindor. 
(The Hogwarts ghosts enter the Hall.) 
Girl: (os) It's the Bloody Baron! 
Percy: Hello, Sir Nicholas. Have a nice summer? 
Nearly Headless Nick: Dismal. Once again my request to join the Headless Hunt has been denied. 
Ron: I know you. You're Nearly Headless Nick. 
Nearly Headless Nick: I prefer Sir Nicholas if you don't mind. 
Hermione: "Nearly" headless? How can you be "nearly" headless? 
Nearly Headless Nick: Like this. 
(He lifts his head of, but a bit of his neck is still attached. Hermione grimaces.) 
Ron: Ah! 
(Corridor) 
(All of the students are filing to their own Common Rooms.) 
Percy: Gryffindors, follow me, please. Keep up. Thank-you. 
Prefect: (os) Ravenclaw follow me. This way. 
Percy: This is the most direct part to the dormitories. Oh, and keep an eye on the staircases, they like to change. Keep up please, and follow me. Quickly now, come on. Come on. 
(As the students walk up the stairs they notices that painting move.) 
Student1: That picture's moving! 
Student2: Look at that one. 
Student3: I think she fancies you. 
Student4: Look, look! 
Student5: Who's that girl? 
Painting: Welcome to Hogwarts! 
(Corridor) 
(The Gryffindor’s have reached the outside of their Common Room. There is a painting of a somewhat large woman wearing a pink dress in front of the opening.) 
Fat Lady Portrait: Password? 
Percy: Caput Draconis. (The Fat Lady nods her head and the Portrait Hole swings open.) Follow me, everyone. Keep up. 
(Gryffindor Common Room) 
Percy: Quickly, come on! Gather around here. Welcome to the Gryffindor common room. Boys' dormitories is upstairs and down to your left. Girls the same on your right. You'll find all your belonging have already been brought up. 
(Boys Dormitory) 
(All the other boys are asleep but Harry sits looking out the window.) 
(Transfiguration Class – Day) 
(All the students are working quietly as a grey tabby cat sitting on the teachers desk watches them. Harry and Ron rush in, gasping for breath.) 
Ron: Whew! We made it! Can you imagine the look on McGonagall's face if we were late? (Suddenly the cat hops off the desk and morphs into McGonagall.) That was bloody brilliant! 
McGonagall: Thank-you for that assessment Mr. Weasley. Perhaps it would be more useful if I transfigured Mr. Potter and yourself into a pocket watch. That way one of you might be on time. 
Harry: We got lost. 
McGonagall: Then perhaps a map? I trust you don't need one to find your seats. 
(Potions Class) 
(Slytherin and Gryffindor students chat amongst themselves but quickly come to a stop when Snape bursts into the room.) 
Snape: There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is potion making. However, for those select few who possess the predisposition. (Harry begins to take notes.) I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I show you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even put a stopper in death. Then again maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confident enough to not pay attention. (Hermione nudges Harry so that he looks up.) Mr. Potter, our new celebrity. Tell me, what would I get if I added root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood? You don't know? Well let's try again. Where Mr. Potter would you look if I asked you to find me a bezoar? 
Harry: I don't know, sir. 
Snape: And what is the difference between monkswood and wolfsbane? 
Harry: I don't know sir. 
Snape: Pity. Clearly fame isn't everything. Is it Mr. Potter? 
(Great Hall – Gryffindor Table) 
Seamus: (pointing his wand at a cup) Eye of rabbit, harp sting hum, turn this water into rum… Eye of rabbit harp sting hum, turn this water into rum. 
Harry: What's Seamus trying to do to that glass of water? 
Ron: Turn it to rum. Actually he managed to make weak tea yesterday, before--- (Suddenly Seamus’s wand goes off and Seamus ends up covered in soot. As the others try not to laugh the Hall is suddenly flooded with owls delivering mail.) Ah, mail's here. 
(Ron receives a package and a copy of The Daily Prophet.) 
Harry: (picks up the newspaper) Can I burrow this? (Ron nods.) Thanks. 
(Neville holds a Rememberall in his hand. The smoke inside is white.) 
Boy: Hey look! Neville's got a Remembrall. 
Hermione: I've read about those. When the smoke turns red it means you've forgotten something. 
(As she speaks the smoke inside the Rememberall suddenly turns red.) 
Neville: The only problem is I can't remember what I have forgotten. 
(Harry reads the front page of the newspaper.) 
Harry: Hey Ron, somebody broke into Gringotts. Listen: "Believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown, Gringotts goblins were acknowledging the breach insist nothing was taken. The vault in question number 713 had been emptied earlier that very same day." That's odd. That's the vault Hagrid and I went to. 
(They exchange a look with Hermione.) 
(Flying Class – The Field) 
(Gryffindor and Slytherin students are gathered around the field with broomsticks laying beside them.) 
Madame Hooch: Good afternoon, class. 
All: Good afternoon Madame Hooch. 
Madame Hooch: Good afternoon Amanda, good afternoon. Welcome to your first flying lesson. Well what are you waiting for? Everyone step up to the left side of their broomstick. Come on now, hurry up. Stick your right hand over the broom and say up. 
All: Up! Up! 
(Harry’s broom jumps up into his hand immediately.) 
Harry: Woah! 
Malfoy: Up. (His broom jumps up into his hand and he smiles smugly.) 
Ron: Up. Up! (His broom doesn’t move.) 
Madame Hooch: With feeling! 
Hermione: Up. Up! Up. Up! (She gets frustrated as her broom does nothing.) 
Ron: UP! (The broom flies up and hits him in the head.) Ow! (Harry chuckles.) Shut up Harry. 
Madame Hooch: Now once you've got hold of your broom, I want you to mount it. Grip it tight. You don't wanna be sliding off the end. When I blow my whistle, I want each of you to kick off from the ground, hard. Keep your broom steady, hover for a moment, then lean forward slightly and touch back down. On my whistle. Three, two… Mr. Longbottom. Mr. Mr. Mr. Longbottom! 
Students: Down! Down! 
Harry: Neville! 
Neville: Help! Help! 
Madame Hooch: Come back down this instant! Mr. Longbottom! Everyone out of the way! 
Hermione: Is he alright? 
Neville: Ow! 
Madame Hooch: Oh oh oh. Oh dear, it's a broken wrist. Poor boy. Come on now, up you get. Everyone is to keep their feet firmly on the ground while I take Mr. Longbottom to the hospital wing. Understand? If I see a single broom in the air the one riding it will find themselves out of Hogwarts before they can say "Quidditch". 
Malfoy: Did you see his face? If the fat lump had given this a squeeze he would remember to fall on his fat ass. 
Harry: Give it here Malfoy. 
Malfoy: No, I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find. How about on the roof? (He flies up.) What's the matter Potter? Bit beyond you reach? 
(Harry mounts his broom but is stopped from taking off by Hermione.) 
Hermione: Harry! No way! You heard what Madame Hooch said. Besides you don't even know how to fly! (Harry flies up.) What an idiot! 
(Harry flies level to Malfoy.) 
Harry: Give it here Malfoy or I'll knock you off your broom! 
Malfoy: Is that so? Have it your way, then! (He throws the Rememberall as far as he can.) 
(Harry takes off after it, flying like a pro. He catches it just outside of McGonagall’s window. He then returns to the ground.) 
Gryffindor’s: Yeah! Nice going, Harry! That was wicked Harry! 
McGonagall: (walking up) Harry Potter! Follow me. 
(Corridor outside Defense Against The Dark Arts Classroom) 
McGonagall: You wait here. 
Quirrell: … this is an ingredient… 
McGonagall: Professor Quirrell, excuse me, excuse me could I borrow Wood for a moment, please? 
Quirrell: Well, yes of course. 
(A tall fifteen year old boy joins McGonagall in the hall.) 
McGonagall: Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood I have found you a Seeker. 
(Corridor) 
(Nearly Headless Nick walks along with another ghost.) 
Nearly Headless Nick: Have you heard Harry Potter's the new Gryffindor Seeker. I always knew he'd do well. 
(Harry and Ron come walking up the corridor.) 
Ron: Seeker? But first years never make the house teams. You must be the youngest Quidditch player in… 
Harry: A century. According to McGonagall. 
Fred: (walking up with George) Well dome Harry! Wood's just told us! 
Ron: Fred and George are on the team too. Beaters. 
George: Our job is to make sure that you don't get bloody up too bad. Can't make any promises of course. Rough game Quidditch. 
Fred: Brutal! But, nobody's died in years. Someone vanishes occasionally. 
(Harry and Ron exit out into the Quad.) 
George: But they'll turn up in a month or two! 
(The Quad) 
(As the boys walk Hermione comes up to join them.) 
Ron: Oh go on Harry! Quidditch is great. Best game there is, and you'll be great too! 
Harry: But I've never even played Quidditch! What if I make a fool of myself? 
Hermione: You won't make a fool of yourself. It's in your blood. 
(Corridor) 
(The three of them walk up to a trophy case and Hermione points at a plaque. It states that James Potter was a seeker.) 
Ron: Woah! Harry, you never told me your father was a seeker too! 
Harry: I didn't know. 
(A few minutes later the three of them are making their way back to the Gryffindor Common Room.) 
Ron: I'm telling you, it's spooky! She knows move about you than you do! 
Harry: Who doesn't? (They hang on as the stairs begin to move.) What's happening? 
Hermione: The staircases change remember? 
Harry: Let's go this way. 
Ron: Before the staircase moves again. (looking around another empty corridor) Does anybody feel like we shouldn't be here? 
Hermione: We're not supposed to be here. This is the third floor. It's forbidden! 
Harry: Let's go. 
(They turn to go back out the door, but Mrs. Norris shows up and meow’s at them.) 
Hermione: Flich's cat! 
Harry: Run! Quick, let's hide through that door! (He tries the door.) t's locked! 
Ron: That's it we're done for! 
Hermione: Oh! Move over! (She whips out her wand and points it at the lock.) Alohomora! (The door opens.) Get in! 
(Third Floor Room) 
(They quickly go into the room and shut the door behind them.) 
Ron: Alohomora? 
Hermione: Standard Book Of Spells- Chapter 7! 
(Corridor) 
Filch: Any one here my sweet? (He looks around but sees nothing.) Come on. (He leaves) 
(Room) 
Hermione: He thinks this door is locked. 
Ron: He thinks this door is locked. 
Hermione: It was locked. 
Harry: (turns) And for good reason. 
(Ron and Hermione turn to see what Harry’s looking at and it’s a huge three-headed dog. The dog slowly wakes up and growls at them. The kids scream and bolt for the door. The dog lunges at them, but they manage to get out the door and shut it behind them.) 
(Corridor) 
Ron: What do they think they're doing? Keeping a thing like that locked up in a school? 
Hermione: You don't use your eyes do you? Didn't you see what it was standing on? 
Ron: I wasn't looking at its feet! I was a bit preoccupied with its heads. Or maybe you didn't notice… the three! 
Hermione: It was standing on a trap door. It wasn't there by accident. It's guarding something. 
Harry: Guarding something? 
Hermione: That's right. Now, if you two don't mind, I'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get killed or worse… expelled. (She flounces off.) 
Ron: She needs to sort out her priorities. 
(The Field) 
(Harry and Wood head out onto the field carrying a wooden box. They set it down and Wood turns to Harry.) 
Wood: Quidditch is easy enough to understand. Each team has 7 players. Three Chasers, two Beaters, one Keeper and a Seeker, that's you. There are three kinds of balls. (He opens the box and takes out a ball. He tosses the ball to Harry.) This one's called the Quaffle. The Chasers handle the Quaffle and try to put it through one of those three hoops. The Keeper, that's me, defends the hoops. With me so far? 
Harry: I think so. (He sees two balls struggling to get out of their restraints.) What are those? 
Wood: (He hands Harry a club.) You better take this. (He lets one of the balls out.) Careful now, it's coming back. (Harry hits it with the club and knocks it a fair distance.) Not bad Potter, you'd make a fair Beater. (Sees the ball coming back towards them.) Uh-oh. (The ball hits him but he tackles it to the ground and gets it back in the box.) 
Harry: What was that? 
Wood: Bludgers. Nasty little buggers. But you are a Seeker. The only thing I want you to worry about is this. (He opens a small compartment in the box and takes out a small, golden ball.) The Golden Snitch. 
Harry: (takes the ball) I like this ball. 
Wood: Eh, you like it now. But it's wicked fast and damn near impossible to see. 
Harry: What do I do with it? 
Wood: You catch it. Before the other team's Seeker. You catch this the game's over. You catch this, Potter, and we win. 
(The Snitch opens it wings.) 
Harry: Woah! 
(Charms Class) 
(Gryffindor and Slytherin are in class together. They are all seated with feathers in front of them. Professor Flitwick, a tiny little man is instructing them on how to levitate objects.) 
Flitwick: One of a wizard's most rudimental skill is levitation or the ability to make objects fly. Do you all have your feathers? Good. Now don't forget the nice wrist movement we've been practicing. Hum! The "Swish and Flick". Everyone, the "Swish and Flick". Good! Oh and annunciate! Wingardium Leviosa. Off you go then! 
All: Wingardium Leviosa; Wingardium Leviosa! 
Ron: Wingardium Leviosar! 
Hermione: No, stop stop stop! You're going to take someone's eye out! Besides, you're saying it wrong. It's Levi-o-sa, not Leviosar. 
Ron: You do it then if you're so clever. Go on, go on! 
Hermione: Wingardium Leviosa. (Her feather begins to fly.) 
Flitwick: Oh oh! Well done! See here everyone, Miss Granger's done it! Ho ho! Splendid! 
Seamus: Wingard-Leviosa; Wingard—Leviosa! 
Flitwick: Well done dear. (Seamus’s feather blows up.) OH! 
Harry: I think we're going to need another feather over here professor. 
(The Quad) 
Ron: "It's Levi-o-sa not Leviosar." She's a nightmare honestly! It's no wonder she hasn't got any friends! 
(Hermione rushes past them.) 
Harry: I think she heard you. 
(Great Hall – Gryffindor Table – Halloween) 
(The Hall is decorated with hundreds of pumpkins floating in midair.) 
Harry: Where's Hermione? 
Neville: Parvati Patil said she's wouldn't come out of the girl's bathroom. She said she's been there all afternoon, crying. 
(Suddenly Professor Quirrell bursts into the Hall.) 
Quirrell: Troll in the dungeon! Troll in the dungeon! Though you ought to know. 
(There is a pause, then everyone screams and rushes toward the exits.) 
Dumbledore: SILENCE! Everyone will please not panic! Now prefects please escort your house to the dormitories. Teachers will follow me to the dungeons. 
(In all the confusion Snape sneaks out a side door.) 
(Corridor) 
Percy: Gryffindors, keep up, please, and stay alert! 
Harry: How could a troll get in? 
Ron: Not on its own. Trolls are really stupid. Probably people playing jokes. What? 
Harry: (stops) Hermione! She doesn't know! 
(Another Corridor) 
(The boys walk along the hall and see the trolls shadow on another wall.) 
Ron: I think the troll's left the dungeon! 
Harry: It's going into the girl's bathroom. 
(Girls Bathroom) 
(Hermione comes out of the stall, wiping away tears, when she pauses and looks up to see the Troll. Harry and Ron come rushing in.) 
Harry: Hermione move! 
(Hermione dives for cover under the sinks, but the troll swings his club and smashes half of them.) 
Hermione: Help! Help! 
Ron: (throws something at the troll.) Hey, pea brain! 
Hermione: Ah! Help! 
(Harry jumps on the trolls back.) 
Harry: Woah! 
(Harry shoves his wand up the troll’s nose.) 
Ron: Ugh! 
(The troll grabs Harry by the foot and swings him of his back.) 
Harry: Do something! 
Ron: What? 
Harry: Anything! Hurry up! 
(Ron pulls out his wand.) 
Hermione: "Swish & Flick!" 
(The troll swings his club over his head to hit Harry.) 
Ron: Wingardium Leviosa! (The troll swings it’s arm down, but the club stays hovering over it’s head.) Cool. 
(Suddenly the club hits the troll on the head and he goes down. Hermione comes out from under the sinks.) 
Hermione: Is it dead? 
Harry: No just knocked out. (He pulls his wand out of the trolls nose.) Ugh. Troll boogies. 
(The kids jump as McGonagall, Snape, and Quirrell rush into the bathroom.) 
McGonagall: Oh my goodness! Explain yourselves both of you! 
Harry & Ron: Well what it is- 
Hermione: (interrupting) It's my fault Professor McGonagall 
McGonagall: Miss. Granger? 
Hermione: I went looking for the troll I've read about them and I though I could handle it. But I was wrong. If Harry and Ron hadn’t come and found me… I’d probably be dead. 
(Harry glances down and sees that Snape’s leg is bloody. Snape sees him looking and quickly covers up his leg.) 
McGonagall: Be that as it may, it was an extremely foolish thing to do. I would have expected more rational behavior on your part and am very disappointed in you Miss. Granger. Five points will be taken from Gryffindor for your serious lack of judgement. As for you two gentle I just hope you realize how fortunate you are. Not many first year students could take on a fully grown mountain troll and live to tell the tale. Five points will be awarded to each of you, for sheer dumb luck. 
Quirrell: Perhaps you ought to go. It might wake up. 
(Great Hall – Gryffindor Table – Morning) 
Ron: Take a bit of toast, mate. Go on. 
Hermione: Ron's right Harry, you're going to need your strength today. 
Harry: I'm not hungry. 
Snape: Good luck today, Potter. Then again, now that you've proven yourself against a troll, a little game of Quidditch should be easy work for you. Even if it is against Slytherin. (He limps away.) 
Harry: That explains the blood. 
Hermione: Blood? 
Harry: Listen, last night, I'm guessing Snape let the troll in as diversion so he could get past that three headed dog. But, he got bit, that's why he's limping. 
Hermione: But why would anyone go near that dog? 
Harry: The day I was at Gringotts, Hagrid took something out of one of the vaults. Said it was Hogwarts business, very secret. 
Hermione: So you're saying- - 
Harry: That's what the dog's guarding. That's what Snape wants. 
(Suddenly Hedwig comes flying in carrying a broom –shaped package. She drops it in front of Harry.) 
Hermione: A bit early for mail isn't it? 
Harry: But, I never get mail. 
Ron: Let's open it. 
(All three off them tear off the packaging paper.) 
Harry: It's a broomstick. 
Ron: It's not just a broomstick, Harry. It's a Nimbus 2000! 
Harry: But who--? 
(He glances up and sees that Hedwig has landed near McGonagall. McGonagall looks at him and smiles.) 
(Quidditch Field – Below The Stands) 
Wood: Scared, Harry? 
Harry: A little. 
Wood: It's alright. I felt the same way before my first game. 
Harry: What happened? 
Wood: I.. uh…I don't really remember… Took a Bludger to the head two minutes in. Woke in the hospital a week later. 
(On The Field) 
(The teams take flight.) 
(The Stands) 
Lee Jordan: Hello! Welcome to Hogwart's first Quidditch game of the season! Today's game: Slytherin vs. Gryffindor! The player take their positions as Madam Hooch steps onto the field to begin the game! 
Madame Hooch: Now, I want a nice clean game… from all of you. 
Lee: The Bludgers are up. Followed by the Golden Snitch. Remember the Snitch is worth 150 points. The Seeker who catches the Snitch ends the game. The Quaffle is released and the game begins! Anjelina Johnson scores! Ten points for Gryffindor! 
Hagrid: Well done! 
Lee: Slytherin takes the Quaffle. Bletchley passes to Captain Marcus Flint. Another ten points to Gryffindor! 
Marcus Flint: Give me that! Take that side! 
(Harry’s broomstick begins to buck wildly.) 
Hagrid: What's going on with Harry's broomstick? 
(Hermione looks through her binoculars and sees that Snape has his eyes on Harry and is muttering under his breath.) 
Hermione: (to Ron) It's Snape! He's jinxing the broom! 
Ron: Jinxing the broom?! What do we do? 
Hermione: Leave it to me! 
(The game continues as Harry fights to stay on his broom. He’s now hanging on by his fingertips.) 
Ron: Come on Hermione! 
(Hermione rushes over to where the teachers are sitting. She points her wand at Snape’s robes.) 
Hermione: Lacarnum Inflamarae. 
(A small bit of fire shoots out of her wand and sets Snape’s robes on fire.) 
Man: Fire! You're on fire! 
(As Snape tries to get the flames out he knocks over Quirrell. Harry manages to swing himself back onto his broom. His eye catches sight of the Snitch just as the Slytherin seeker does. They both go after it but the Slytherin seeker has to pull so he won’t crash. Harry, on his new broom, can go lower. He manages to pull up in time and continues after the Snitch.) 
Hagrid: Go, go, go, go! (Harry stands on his broom and makes his way to the very end, stretching out his hand to try and catch the Snitch. He then tumbles off his broom onto the sand.) Looks like he's gonna be sick! 
(Harry spits the Snitch out of his mouth.) 
Lee: He's got the Snitch! Harry Potter receives 150 points for catching the Snitch! 
Madame Hooch: Gryffindor wins! 
Hagrid: Yes! 
Gryffindor Students: Go Go Gryffindor! Go Go Gryffindor! Go Go Gryffindor! Go Go Gryffindor! 
(Outside the School) 
(Harry, Ron, & Hermione walk along, talking with Hagrid.) 
Hagrid: Nonsense! Why would Snape put a curse on Harry's broom? 
Harry: Who knows? Why was he trying to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween? 
Hagrid: Who told you about Fluffy? 
Ron: Fluffy? 
Hermione: That thing has a name? 
Hagrid: Well, of course, he's got a name! He's mine! I brought him off an Irish feller I met down at the pub last year. Then I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the--- 
Harry: Yes? 
Hagrid: I shouldn't have said that. No more questions! Don't ask anymore question! That's top- secret that is. 
Harry: But Hagrid, whatever Fluffy's guarding Snape's trying to steal it! 
Hagrid: Codswallop! Professor Snape is a Hogwarts teacher! 
Hermione: Hogwarts teacher or not I know a spell when I see one! I've read all about them. You've got to keep eye contact and Snape wasn't blinking! 
Harry: Exactly. 
Hagrid: Now listen to me, all three of you, you're meddling in things that ought not to be meddled in. It's dangerous! What that dog is guarding is strictly between Professor Dumbledore and Nicholas Flamel. 
Harry: Nicholas Flamel? 
Hagrid: I shouldn't have said that. I should not have said that. (walks off) 
Harry: Nicholas Flamel. Who's Nicholas Flamel? 
Hermione: I don't know. 
(Christmastime) 
(Corridor Outside Great Hall) 
(Hermione walks in with her luggage, looking around for Harry and Ron.) 
Hogwarts Ghosts: Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas. Ring the Hogwart bell. Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas. Cast a Christmas spell. 
(Great Hall) 
(Hermione spots Harry and Ron playing Wizard Chess at the Gryffindor table.) 
Harry: Knight to E-5. 
Ron: Queen to E-5. 
(The Queen walks over to E-5 and smashes the piece in that spot to bits.) 
Hermione: That's totally barbaric! 
Ron: That's wizard's chess. (looks at her bags) I see you've packed. 
Hermione: See you haven't. 
Ron: Change of plans. My parents have decided to go to Romania to visit my brother Charlie. He's studying dragons there. 
Hermione: Good. You can help Harry then. He's going to look in the library for information on Nicholas Flamel. 
Ron: We've looked a hundred times! 
Hermione: Not in the Restricted Section. Happy Christmas. (She leaves.) 
Ron: (to Harry) I think we've had a bad influence on her. 
(Gryffindor Tower – Christmas Day) 
Ron: (os) Harry wake up! Come on Harry! Wake up! (Harry wakes up and goes into the common room.) Happy Christmas Harry! 
Harry: Happy Christmas Ron! What are you wearing? 
Ron: Oh, my mum made it. (points to a package) Looks like you've got one too. 
Harry: I've got presents? 
Ron: Yeah! There they are. 
(Harry reaches for a box. He reads the card on it.) 
Harry: "Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well."? 
(He opens the box and takes out a cloak.) 
Ron: What is it? 
Harry: Some kind of cloak. 
Ron: Well let's see then! Put it on! (Harry puts it on and everything from his neck down disappears.) Woah! 
Harry: My body is gone! 
Ron: I know what that is! That's an Invisibility Cloak! 
Harry: I'm invisible? 
Ron: They're really rare. I wonder who gave it to you. 
Harry: There was no name. It just said, "Use it well." 
(Library – Restricted Section – Night) 
(Harry sneaks into the library using the Invisibility Cloak. He holds a lantern in his other hand.) 
Harry: Famous Fire Eaters. Fifteenth Century Fiends. Flamel. Nicholas Flamel. Where are you? 
(Harry sets the lantern down and reaches up to picks a likely book. He opens the book and it starts screaming at him. He slams the book shut but knocks over the lantern in the process.) 
Filch: (walking in) I know you're in there. You can't hide. Who is it? Show yourself! 
(Harry manages to sneak out without Filch seeing him.) 
(Corridor) 
(As Harry makes his way back to Gryffindor Tower he stumbles across Snape and Quirrell having an argument.) 
Quirrell: Severus I-I-I… 
Snape: You don't want me as your enemy Quirrell. 
(Snape hears Harry’s breathing under the cloak and reaches out a hand to see what’s there, but Harry backs up and so Snape’s hand touches nothing.) 
Quirrell: I don't know what you mean. 
Snape: (turning back to Quirrell) You know perfectly well what I mean. We'll have another little chat soon. When you've had time to decide where your loyalties lie. 
Filch: (walking up) Professors. (holds up the lantern) I found this in the Restricted Section. It's still hot. That means there's a student out of bed. 
(Empty Room) 
(Harry enters a mostly empty room, takes off the cloak, and looks around. He spots a mirror in one corner and goes over to investigate. As he stands looking in the mirror images of his mother and father appear behind him.) 
Harry: Mum, Dad? 
(Gryffindor Tower – Boys Room) 
(Harry comes running in and goes right over to Ron.) 
Harry: Ron! You've really gotta see this! Ron! You've gotta see this! Ron! Come on, get out of bed! 
Ron: Why? 
Harry: There's something you've got to see! Now, come on! Come on! Come! 
(Empty Room) 
(Harry and Ron enter the room using the cloak, but drop it as soon as they are inside. Harry drags Ron over to the mirror.) 
Harry: Come look! It's my parents! 
Ron: I only see us. 
Harry: Look in properly. Go on, stand there. (Places Ron directly in front of the mirror.) There. You see them don't you? That's--- 
Ron: That's me! Only, I'm Head Boy. And I'm holding the Quidditch Cup. And bloody hell! I'm Quidditch captain too! I look good! Harry, do you think this mirror shows the future? 
Harry: How can it? Both my parents are dead. 
(Later) 
(Harry has once again come to look into the mirror. Dumbledore appears behind him.) 
Dumbledore: Back again Harry? I see that you, like many others before you have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I trust now, you realize what it what it does. Let me give you a clue. The happiest man on earth would look in the mirror and only see himself exactly as he is. 
Harry: So then, it shows us what we want… Whatever we want? 
Dumbledore: Yes, and no. It shows us nothing more or less then the deepest and most desperate desires of our hearts. Now you Harry, who have never known your family you see them standing beside you. But remember this, Harry. This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away in front of it. Even gone mad. That is why tomorrow it will be moved to a new home. And I must ask you not to go looking for it again. It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live. 
(Day’s Later – Library) 
(The students have all returned from their Christmas vacation. Harry and Ron sit at a table as Hermione plops down a huge book in front of them.) 
Hermione: I had you looking in the wrong section! How could I be so stupid? I checked this out weeks ago for a bit of light reading! 
Ron: This is light? 
Hermione: Of course! (opens the book and looks) Here it is! "Nicholas Flamel is the only known maker of the Sorcerer's Stone 
Harry & Ron: The what? 
Hermione: Honestly don't you two read? "The Sorcerer's Stone is a legendary substance with astonishing powers. It will transform any metal into pure gold and produce the Elixir of Life which will make the drinker immortal." 
Ron: Immortal! 
Hermione: It means you'll never die. 
Ron: (irritated) I know what it means! (Harry shh’s him.) 
Hermione: The only stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicholas Flamel, the noted alchemist who last year celebrated his 665th birthday." That's what Fluffy's guarding on the third floor. That's what's under the trap door. The Sorcerer's Stone. 
(Hagrid’s Hut – Night) 
(Our trio bang on Hagrid’s door. Hagrid opens up to see who it is.) 
Harry: Hagrid! 
Hagrid: Oh, hello. I don't wish to be rude, but I'm in no fit state to entertain today. (starts to close the door) 
Harry, Ron, & Hermione: We know about the Sorcerer's Stone! 
Hagrid: (opens the door) Oh. 
(The three kids enter his hut.) 
Harry: We think Snape's trying to steal it. 
Hagrid: Snape? Blimey, you're still on about him, are you? 
Harry: Hagrid! We know he's after the Stone we just don't know why! 
Hagrid: Snape is one of the teachers protecting the Stone! He's not about to steal it. 
Harry: What? 
Hagrid: You heard. Right, now, come on, I'm a bit preoccupied today. 
Harry: Wait a minute! "One of the teachers"? 
Hermione: Of course! There are other things defending the Stone, aren't there? Spells, enchantments? 
Hagrid: Right. Waste of bloody time if you ask me. Ain't no one gonna get past Fluffy. Ain't a soul knows how, except me and Dumbledore. I shouldn't have told you that. I should not have told you that. 
(A noise comes from a pot that Hagrid has hanging over the fire. Hagrid goes and pulls an egg out of the pot.) 
Harry: Hagrid, what exactly is that? 
Hagrid: Oh, That? It's a…it's um… 
Ron: I know what that is! But Hagrid how did you get one? 
Hagrid: I won it! Off a stranger I met at the pub. Seemed quite glad to be rid of it, as a matter of fact. 
(All of a sudden chips of the egg begin to fly off as the dragon inside makes it’s way out.) 
Hermione: Is that…a dragon? 
Ron: That's not just a dragon! That's a Norwegian Ridgeback! My brother Charlie works with these in Romania. 
Hagrid: Isn't he beautiful? Oh bless him look, he knows his mummy! Hello Norbert! 
Harry: Norbert? 
Hagrid: Well he's gotta have a name don't he? Don't you Norbert? (Norbert sneezes and catches Hagrid’s beard on fire.) Te de de de de! Oh! Woah! He'll have to be trained up a bit of course. (Looks up and sees Malfoy looking in the window.) Who's that? 
Harry: Malfoy. 
Hagrid: Oh, dear. 
(School Corridor – Night) 
Harry: Hagrid always wanted a dragon. He told me so the first time I ever met him. 
Ron: It's crazy! And worse Malfoy knows. 
Hermione: I don't understand. Is that bad? 
Ron: It's bad. 
McGonagall: (walking up) Good evening. 
(Malfoy watches from behind her with a smug smile.) 
(Transfiguration Classroom – Night) 
McGonagall: Nothing I repeat nothing gives a student the right to walk about the school at night. Therefore as punishment for your actions, 50 points will be taken. 
Harry: 50! 
McGonagall: Each. And to ensure that it doesn't happen again all four of you will receive detention. 
Malfoy: Excuse me professor. Perhaps I heard you wrong. I thought you said the four of us. 
McGonagall: No you heard me correctly Mr. Malfoy. You see, honorable as your intentions were you too were out of bed after hours. You will join you classmates in detention. 
(The Next Night – Hagrid’s Hut) 
Filch: A pity they let the old punishments die. Was a time detention found you hanging by your thumbs in the dungeons. God, I'll miss the screaming. You'll be serving detention with Hagrid tonight. He's got a little job to do inside the Dark Forest. A sorry lot, this, Hagrid. (Sees that Hagrid is a bit teary.) Oh good God you're not still on about that bloody dragon now are you? 
Hagrid: Norbert's gone. Dumbledore sent him off to Romania to live in a colony. 
Hermione: Well, that's good isn't it? He'll be with his own kind. 
Hagrid: Yeah, but what if he don't like Romania? What if the other dragons are mean to him? He's only a baby after all. 
Filch: Oh, for God's sake pull yourself together man. You're going into the Forest after all. Got to have your wits about you. 
Malfoy: The Forest? I thought that was a joke. We can't go in there. Students aren't allowed. And there are… werewolves! 
Filch: Ah, there's more that werewolves in those trees, lad. You can be sure of that. Nighty- night. (walks off) 
Hagrid: Right, let's go. 
(The Forbidden Forest) 
(All 5 of them walk to the edge of the forest. Harry spots something on the ground.) 
Harry: Hagrid, what is that? 
Hagrid: What we're here for. See that? That's unicorn blood, that is. I found one dead a few weeks ago. Now, this one's been hurt bad by something. So, it's our job to go and find the poor beast. Ron, Hermione, you'll come with me. 
Ron: Okay… 
Hagrid: And Harry, you'll go with Malfoy. 
Malfoy: Okay, then I get Fang! 
Hagrid: Fine. Just so you know he's bloody coward. 
(Hagrid, Ron, and Hermione walk off.) 
Malfoy: Wait till my father hears about this! This is servant stuff. 
Harry: If I didn't know better Draco, I'd say you were scared. 
Malfoy: Scared Potter. Did you hear that? 
Harry: Come on Fang! 
Malfoy: Scared! 
Harry: What is it Fang? 
(He looks up and sees a hooded creature feeding off a unicorn.) 
Malfoy: AH! 
(Malfoy runs away with Fang. The creature flies over to where Harry stands and is about to attack him when a Centaur rushes up and scares him off. The Centaur turns to look at Harry.) 
Firenze: Harry Potter, you must leave. You are known to many creatures here. The Forest is not safe at this time. Especially for you. 
Harry: But what was that thing you saved me from? 
Firenze: A monstrous creature. It is a terrible crime to slay a unicorn. Drinking the blood of a unicorn will keep you alive even if you are an inch from death. But at a terrible price. For you have slain something so pure that the moment the blood touches your lips you have a half-life, a cursed life. 
Harry: But who would choose such a life? 
Firenze: Can you think of no one? 
Harry: You mean to say that thing that killed the unicorn, that was drinking its blood, that was Voldemort? 
Firenze: Do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment, Mr. Potter? 
Harry: The Sorcerer's Stone! 
(The others show up.) 
Hermione: Harry! 
Hagrid: Hello there Firenze. See you've met our young Mr. Potter. All right there Harry? 
Firenze: Harry Potter, this is where I leave you. You are safe now. Good luck. 
(Later) 
(Our Trio are making their way back to Gryffindor Tower.) 
Hermione: You mean, that You- Know- Who is out there right now in the Forest? 
Harry: But he's weak. He's living off of unicorns. Don't you see? We had it wrong! Snape doesn't want the Stone for himself. He wants the Stone for Voldemort. With the Elixir of Life, Voldemort will become strong again. He, he'll come back. 
Ron: But if he comes back, you don't think he'll try to kill you, do you? 
Harry: I think if he had his chance he would have tried to kill me tonight. 
Ron: And to think, I've been worrying about my Potions final. 
Hermione: Hang on a minute. We're forgetting one thing. Who's the one wizard Voldemort is always feared? Dumbledore. As long as Dumbledore's around, Harry, you're safe. As long as Dumbledore's around you can't be touched. 
(Outside the School – Near Hagrid’s Hut) 
(Harry, Ron, & Hermione walk along, looking just a bit worn out.) 
Hermione: I'd heard Hogwarts' final exams were frightful, but I found they're rather enjoyable. 
Ron: Speak for yourself. All right there Harry? 
Harry: My scar. It keeps burning. 
Hermione: It's happened before. 
Harry: Not like this. 
Ron: Perhaps you should see the nurse. 
Harry: I think it's a warning. It means danger's coming. (Spots Hagrid outside his hut.) Ah. Oh, Of Course. 
Hermione: What is it? 
Harry: Don't you think it's a bit odd that what Hagrid want more than anything is a dragon and a stranger turns up and just happens to have one? I mean, how many people wander around with dragon eggs in their pockets? Why didn't I see it before? (walking up to the Hut) Hagrid, who gave you that dragon egg? What did he look like? 
Hagrid: I dunno. I never saw his face. He kept his hood up. 
Harry: This stranger though, you and he must have talked. 
Hagrid: Well, he wanted to know what sort of creatures I looked after. And I told him, after Fluffy a dragon's gonna be no problem. 
Harry: Did he seem interested in Fluffy? 
Hagrid: Well of course he was interested in Fluffy! How often do you come across three headed dogs do you come across even if you're in the trade? But I told him, I said, I said, "The trick with any beast is to know how to calm him." Take Fluffy for example, just play him a bit of music and he falls straight asleep. I shouldn't have told you that. (The kids run off with worried looks on their faces.) Where are you going? Where are you---? 
(Transfiguration Classroom) 
(The kids come running up to McGonagall.) 
Harry: We have to see professor Dumbledore immediately! 
McGonagall: I’m afraid Professor Dumbledore’s not here. He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and left immediately for London. 
Harry: He’s gone! But this is important! This is about the Sorcerer’s Stone! 
McGonagall: (shocked) How did you know ---? 
Harry: Someone’s going to try to steal it! 
McGonagall: I don’t know how you three found out about the Stone but I assure you it is perfectly well protected. Now would you go back to your dormitories quietly. 
(Corridor) 
Harry: That was no stranger Hagrid met. It was Snape. Which means that he knows how to get past Fluffy. 
Hermione: And with Dumbledore gone--- 
Snape: (walking up) Good afternoon. Now, what would three young Gryffindors, such as yourselves be doing inside on a day like this? 
Hermione: We were… we were just--- 
Snape: You’d ought to be careful. People will think you’re up to something. (walks off) 
Hermione: Now what are we do? 
Harry: We go down the trap door, tonight. 
(Gryffindor Common Room – Night) 
(Our trio are preparing to sneak out when they hear Neville’s toad croaking. They look around and he’s seated on the arm of a chair faced away from them.) 
Harry: Trevor. 
Ron: Trevor, sh, go you shouldn’t be here! 
Neville: (getting up out of the chair) Neither should you. You’re sneaking out again aren’t you? 
Harry: Now Neville listen. We were… we were--- 
Neville: No I won’t let you! You’ll get Gryffindor into trouble again! I’ll, I’ll fight you! (puts his fists up to fight) Hermione: (pulls out her wand) Neville, I’m really really sorry about this. Petrificus totalus! 
(Suddenly Neville becomes fully petrified. He can’t move at all.) 
Ron: (to Hermione) You’re a little scary sometimes, you know that. Brilliant, but scary. 
Harry: Let’s go. (To Neville) Sorry. 
Hermione: (to Neville) Sorry. 
Ron: (to Neville) It’s for your own good you know. 
(Third Floor Corridor) 
Hermione: Ow! You stood on my foot! 
Ron: Sorry. 
Hermione: (points her wand at the lock) Alohomora. 
(Room) 
(The kids enter the room quietly, but the dog is already asleep. There is a harp playing in the corner.) 
Harry: Wait a minute. He’s snoring. Snape’s already been here. He’s put a spell on the harp. 
Ron: Ugh! It’s got horrible breath. 
Harry: We have to move its paw. 
Ron: What? 

(They move the dogs paw. Then they try to open the trap door.) Harry: Come on! Okay, push! (The trap door opens.) I’ll go first. Don’t follow me until I give you a sign. If something bad happens get yourselves out! (The music stops and the dog begins to wake up.) Does it seem a bit quiet to you? 
Hermione: The harp, it stopped playing. 
(The dog leans over them and it slobbers on Ron.) 
Ron: Ugh! Yuck! Ugh! 
(The dog prepares to attack them.) 
Harry: Jump! 
(All three of them jump.) 
(Another Room) 
(All 3 kids land on a plant of some kind.) 
Ron: Woah! Lucky this plant thing’s here really! (Suddenly the plant begins to tighten around them.) Woah! 
Hermione: Stop moving, both of you! This is Devil’s Snare. You have to relax! If you don’t it’ll only kill you faster! 
Ron: Kill us faster? Oh now I can relax! 
(Hermione relaxes and falls into the room under the plant.) 
Ron & Harry: Hermione! 
Ron: Oh now what are we going to do? 
Hermione: Just relax! 
Harry: Hermione where are you? 
Hermione: Do what I say! Trust me! 
(Harry relaxes and falls into the room under the plant.) 
Ron: Ah! Harry! Harry! 
Hermione: Are you okay? 
(While they talk Ron continues to yell for help.) 
Harry: Yeah, yeah I’m fine. 
Hermione: He’s not relaxing is he? 
Harry: Apparently not. 
Hermione: We’ve got to do something! 
Harry: What? 
Hermione: I remember reading something in Herbology. 
Ron: Help! 
Hermione: “Devil’s Snare Devil’s Snare it’s deadly fun; but will sulk in the sun.” That’s it! Devil’s Snare hates sunlight! Lumus Solem! 
(A huge beam of sunlight shoots from her wand and the plant shies away from it. Ron falls into the room underneath the plant.) 
Harry: Ron, are you okay? 
Ron: Yeah. Lucky we didn’t panic! 
Harry: Lucky Hermione pays attention in Herbology. 
(The Next Room) 
(They enter the room and look around. They hear a strange fluttery sound.) 
Hermione: What is that? 
Harry: I don’t know Sounds like wings. 
(They all look up and see about 100 winged creatures flying above them.) 
Hermione: Curious, I’ve never seen birds like these. 
Harry: (looks closer) They’re not birds they’re keys. And I’ll bet one of then fits that door. 
Hermione: What’s this all about? 
Harry: I don’t know. Strange. 
Ron: (tries the door) Alohomora! (Hermione gives him a look.) Well, it was worth a try. 
Hermione: What are we going to do? There must be a thousand keys up there! 
Ron: We’re looking for a big old fashioned one. Probably rusty like the handle. 
Harry: There! I see it! The one with the broken wing! 
(Harry walks over to a broom that hovers in the middle of the room, frowning.) 
Hermione: What’s wrong Harry? 
Harry: It is too simple. 
Ron: Oh, go on Harry! If Snape can catch it on that old broomstick, you can! You’re the youngest Seeker in a century! (Harry gets onto the broom and immediately all of the keys try to attack him.) This complicates things a bit! 
Harry: Catch the key! 
(Hermione catches the key and jams it into the lock.) 
Ron: Hurry up! 
(Hermione manages to get the door open and she and Ron rush through. Harry is flying up fast and manages to get through the door. They slam it behind him and all the keys hit the door, burying themselves in about halfway.) 
(The Chess Room) 
Hermione: (looking around) I don’t like this. I don’t like this at all. 
Harry: Where are we? A graveyard? 
Ron: This is no graveyard, it’s a chessboard. 
(They are surrounded by life size chess pieces.) 
Harry: There’s the door! 
(They move to towards the door, but the white pawns pull out swords and block the way.) 
Hermione: Now what do we do? 
Ron: Its obvious isn’t it? We’ve got to play our way across the room. All right, Harry, you take the empty bishop’s square. Hermione you’ll be the queen-side castle. As for me, I’ll be a knight. 
(They all take their positions.) 
Hermione: What happens now? 
Ron: Well, white moves first, and then we play. 
Hermione: Ron you don’t suppose this’ll be like real wizard’s chess do you? 
Ron: (thinks, then points to a pawn) You there D-5. (The pawn moves an one of the other pieces smashes it to bits.) Yes Hermione I think this is gonna be exactly like wizard’s chess. Castle to E-4! Pawn to C-3! 
(The game plays on. Each team wins and loses pieces. Every time a piece is lost, the other side smashes it to bits. Until there are very few black pieces left. Harry spots that Ron is going to have to sacrifice himself.) 
Harry: Wait a minute. 
Ron: You understand right Harry. Once I make my move the queen will take me. Then you’re free to check the king. 
Harry: No. Ron no! 
Hermione: What is it? 
Harry: He is going to sacrifice himself! 
Hermione: No you can’t! There must be another way! 
Ron: Do you wanna stop Snape from getting that Stone or not? Harry, it’s you that has to go on. I know it! Not me! Not Hermione! You! Knight to H-3. (He moves) Check. (The Queen makes her move and smashes the horse he’s on to bits. Ron flies off and lands in a heap on the floor.) Ah! 
Harry: Ron! (Hermione makes like she’s going to go to Ron’s side.) No don’t move! Don’t forget we’re still playing! (Makes his move.) Checkmate! (The opposing King drops his sword. Harry and Hermione run over to Ron’s side.) Take care of Ron then go to the owlery. Send a message to Dumbledore. Ron’s right. I have to go on. 
Hermione: You’ll be okay Harry. You’re a great wizard. You really are. 
Harry: Not as good as you. 
Hermione: Me? Books, cleverness. There are more important things. Friendship and bravery. And Harry, just be careful. 
(Main Room) 
(Harry walks in and sees Quirrell gazing into the Mirror of Erised.) 
Harry: You? No it can’t be; Snape he was he was the one--- 
Quirrell: Yes he does seem the type doesn’t he? Next to him who would suspect p-p-poor st-st-stuttering Professor Quirrell? 
Harry: But that day, during the Quidditch match, Snape tried to kill me. 
Quirrell: Oh no dear boy, I tried to kill you! And trust me if Snape’s cloak hadn’t caught on fire and broken my eye contact I would have succeeded. Even with Snape muttering his little counter-curse. 
Harry: Snape was trying to save me? 
Quirrell: I knew you were a danger to me right from the off. Especially after Halloween. 
Harry: Then, then you let the troll in! 
Quirrell: Very good Potter yes. Snape unfortunately wasn’t fooled, when every one else was running about the dungeon Snape went to the third floor to head me of. He, of course, never trusted me again. He rarely left me alone. But he doesn’t understand, I’m never alone. Never. Now what does this mirror do? I see what I desire. I see myself holding the Stone. But how do I get it? 
Voldemort: (os) Use the boy. 
Quirrell: Come here Potter! (Harry walks over to him and Quirrell forces him to look into the mirror.) Now! Tell me what do you see? What is it what do you see? 
(Harry sees his mirror image smile at him. His images reaches into it’s pocket and pulls out the Stone, then puts it back in it’s pocket. Harry feels the real stone in his own pocket. He quickly comes up with a lie.) 
Harry: I’m shaking hands with Dumbledore. I’ve won the House Cup. 
Voldemort: (os) He lies. 
Quirrell: Tell the truth! What do you see? 
Voldemort: (os) Let me speak to him. 
Quirrell: Master you are not strong enough. 
Voldemort: (os) I have strength enough for this. (Quirrell unwraps the turban from his head and turns around. There, on the back of his head, is Voldemort.) Harry Potter, we meet again. 
Harry: Voldemort? 
Voldemort: Yes, you see what I have become? See what I must do to survive? Live off another. A mere parasite. Unicorn blood can sustain me but it cannot give me a body of my own. But there is something that can. Something that conveniently enough lies in your pocket. Stop him! Don’t be a fool! Why suffer a horrific death when you can join with me and live? 
Harry: Never! 
Voldemort: Bravery, your parents had it too. Tell me Harry would you like to see your mother and father again? Together we can bring them back. All I ask is for something in return. That’s it Harry. There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it. Together we'll do extraordinary things. Just give me the Stone! 
(Harry sees images of his parents in the Mirror.) 
Harry: You liar! 
Voldemort: Kill him! 
(Quirrell goes to attack Harry but his hands burn when he touches Harry’s skin.) 
Quirrell: What is this magic? 
(Harry realizes that Quirrell can’t touch him and so he rushes at Quirrell and places his hands on his face and won’t let go.) 
Voldemort: Fool get the Stone! 
(Quirrell turns into a pile of dust and Harry falls to the floor. Harry gets up, and turns around to look at what’s left of Quirrell. Voldemort’s spirit has been released from Quirrell’s body and it flies right at Harry, then through him, knocking him to the ground, unconscious. The Stone falls out of his hand.) 
(Hospital Wing) 
(Harry wakes up and looks around. He is in bed and surrounded by many, many get well gifts.) 
Dumbledore: (walking in) Good afternoon Harry. Tokens from your admirers. 
Harry: Admirers? 
Dumbledore: What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret. So naturally the whole school knows. Ah, I see that your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of opening your Chocolate Frogs. 
Harry: Ron was here? Is he alright? What about Hermione? 
Dumbledore: Fine. They're both just fine. 
Harry: But, what happened to the Stone? 
Dumbledore: Relax dear boy. The Stone has been destroyed. My friend Nicholas and I have had a little chat and agreed it was best all around. 
Harry: But then Flamel, he'll die won't he? 
Dumbledore: He has enough Elixir of Life to set his affairs in order. But yes, he will die. 
Harry: How is it I got the Stone sir? One minute I was there staring in the mirror and then the next--- 
Dumbledore: Ah, you see only a person who wanted to find the Stone, find it, but not use it would be able to get it. That is one of my more brilliant ideas. And between you and me that is saying something. 
Harry: Does that mean with the Stone gone that is, that Voldemort can never come back? 
Dumbledore: Ah, I'm afraid there are ways in which he can return. Harry do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to have you touch him? It was because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you. And that kind of act leaves a mark. No, no this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin. 
Harry: What is it? 
Dumbledore: Love Harry. Love. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans. I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit flavor one. Since then I'm afraid I've lost my liking for them. But I think I could be safe with a nice toffee. (takes a the bean and puts it in his mouth) Alas! Earwax! 
(Corridor) 
(Harry comes walking up and sees Ron and Hermione talking on the landing. Ron turns and sees him.) 
Harry: Alright there Ron? 
Ron: Alright. You? 
Harry: Alright. Hermione? 
Hermione: (smiles) Never better. 
(Harry smiles at both of them.) 
(Great Hall) 
Dumbledore: Another year gone. And now as I understand it, the House Cup needs awarding. And the points stand as thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor with 312 points. Third place, Hufflepuff with 352 points. In second place Ravenclaw with 426 points. And in first place, with 472 points, Slytherin House. 
Malfoy: (to boy) Nice one mate. 
Dumbledore: Yes, yes. Well-done Slytherin. Well-done Slytherin. However recent events must be taken into account. And I have a few last-minute points to award. To Miss. Hermione Granger, for the cool use of intellect when others were in grave peril. 50 points. (Everyone except the Slytherin table cheer.) Second, to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen these many years. 50 points. (More cheers.) And third, to Mr. Harry Potter, for pure nerve and outstanding courage. I award Gryffindor House 60 points. (Even more cheers.) 
Hermione: We're tied with Slytherin! 
Dumbledore: And finally, it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies. But a great deal more to stand up to your friends. I award 10 points to Neville Longbottom. (The Gryffindor table goes wild, and Neville is lost under a massive wave of hugs.) Assuming my calculations are correct I believe that a change of decoration is in order. Gryffindor wins the House Cup! 
(The decorations change from Slytherin colors to Gryffindor colors.) 
Hagrid: Yes! 
(Hogwarts Train Platform) 
(All the students board the Hogwarts Express.) 
Hagrid: Come on now. Hurry up, you'll be late! Train's leaving. Go on. Come on, hurry up. 
Hermione: Come on Harry. 
Harry: One minute. (Walks over to Hagrid.) 
Hagrid: Thought you were leaving without saying good-bye did you? This is for you. 
(Hagrid hands Harry a photo album. Harry opens it and sees many pictures of his parents smiling and waving at him.) 
Harry: Thanks Hagrid. 
Hagrid: Oh. Go on. On with you. On with you now. On with you. Oh, listen, Harry. If that dolt of a cousin of yours Dudley gives you any grief you can always um… threaten him, with a nice pair of ears to go with that tail of his. Harry: But Hagrid, we're not allowed to do magic away from Hogwarts. You know that. 
Hagrid: I know that. But your cousin don't, do he? 
(They hug, and Harry goes back to join Ron and Hermione as they board the train.) 
Hermione: Feels strange to be going home doesn't it? 
Harry: I'm not going home. Not really. (He smiles.) 
A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far, away...

               A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main title. 
               War drums echo through the heavens as a rollup slowly crawls 
               into infinity.

                    It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, 
                    striking from a hidden base, have won their first 
                    victory against the evil Galactic Empire.

                    During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal 
                    secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the 
                    Death Star, an armored space station with enough 
                    power to destroy an entire planet.

                    Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess 
                    Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of 
                    the stolen plans that can save her people and 
                    restore freedom to the galaxy...

               The awesome yellow planet of Tatooine emerges from a total 
               eclipse, her two moons glowing against the darkness. A tiny 
               silver spacecraft, a Rebel Blockade Runner firing lasers 
               from the back of the ship, races through space. It is pursed 
               by a giant Imperial Stardestroyer. Hundreds of deadly 
               laserbolts streak from the Imperial Stardestroyer, causing 
               the main solar fin of the Rebel craft to disintegrate.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - MAIN PASSAGEWAY

               An explosion rocks the ship as two robots, Artoo-Detoo (R2-
               D2) and See-Threepio (C-3PO) struggle to make their way 
               through the shaking, bouncing passageway. Both robots are 
               old and battered. Artoo is a short, claw-armed tripod. His 
               face is a mass of computer lights surrounding a radar eye. 
               Threepio, on the other hand, is a tall, slender robot of 
               human proportions. He has a gleaming bronze-like metallic 
               surface of an Art Deco design.

               Another blast shakes them as they struggle along their way.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Did you hear that? They've shut down 
                         the main reactor. We'll be destroyed 
                         for sure. This is madness!

               Rebel troopers rush past the robots and take up positions in 
               the main passageway. They aim their weapons toward the door.

                                     THREEPIO
                         We're doomed!

               The little R2 unit makes a series of electronic sounds that 
               only another robot could understand.

                                     THREEPIO
                         There'll be no escape for the Princess 
                         this time.

               Artoo continues making beeping sounds. Tension mounts as 
               loud metallic latches clank and the scream of heavy equipment 
               are heard moving around the outside hull of the ship.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What's that?

               EXT. SPACECRAFT IN SPACE

               The Imperial craft has easily overtaken the Rebel Blockade 
               Runner. The smaller Rebel ship is being drawn into the 
               underside dock of the giant Imperial starship.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER

               The nervous Rebel troopers aim their weapons. Suddenly a 
               tremendous blast opens up a hole in the main passageway and 
               a score of fearsome armored spacesuited stormtroopers make 
               their way into the smoke-filled corridor.

               In a few minutes the entire passageway is ablaze with 
               laserfire. The deadly bolts ricochet in wild random patterns 
               creating huge explosions. Stormtroopers scatter and duck 
               behind storage lockers. Laserbolts hit several Rebel soldiers 
               who scream and stagger through the smoke, holding shattered 
               arms and faces.

               An explosion hits near the robots.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I should have known better than to 
                         trust the logic of a half-sized 
                         thermocapsulary dehousing assister...

               Artoo counters with an angry rebuttal as the battle rages 
               around the two hapless robots.

               EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT WASTELAND - DAY

               A death-white wasteland stretches from horizon to horizon. 
               The tremendous heat of two huge twin suns settle on a lone 
               figure, Luke Skywalker, a farm boy with heroic aspirations 
               who looks much younger than his eighteen years. His shaggy 
               hair and baggy tunic give him the air of a simple but lovable 
               lad with a prize-winning smile.

               A light wind whips at him as he adjusts several valves on a 
               large battered moisture vaporator which sticks out of the 
               desert floor much like an oil pipe with valves. He is aided 
               by a beatup tread-robot with six claw arms. The little robot 
               appears to be barely functioning and moves with jerky motions.  
               A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Luke's eye and 
               he instinctively grabs a pair of electrobinoculars from his 
               utility belt. He stands transfixed for a few moments studying 
               the heavens, then dashed toward his dented, crudely repaired 
               Landspeeder (an auto-like transport that travels a few feet 
               above the ground on a magnetic-field). He motions for the 
               tiny robot to follow him.

                                     LUKE
                         Hurry up! Come with me! What are you 
                         waiting for?! Get in gear!

               The robot scoots around in a tight circle, stops short, and 
               smoke begins to pour out of every joint. Luke throws his 
               arms up in disgust. Exasperated, the young farm boy jumps 
               into his Landspeeder leaving the smoldering robot to hum 
               madly.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - MAIN HALLWAY

               The awesome, seven-foot-tall Dark Lord of the Sith makes his 
               way into the blinding light of the main passageway. This is 
               Darth Vader, right hand of the Emperor. His face is obscured 
               by his flowing black robes and grotesque breath mask, which 
               stands out next to the fascist white armored suits of the 
               Imperial stormtroopers. Everyone instinctively backs away 
               from the imposing warrior and a deathly quiet sweeps through 
               the Rebel troops. Several of the Rebel troops break and run 
               in a frenzied panic.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER

               A woman's hand puts a card into an opening in Artoo's dome.  
               Artoo makes beeping sounds.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER

               Threepio stands in a hallway, somewhat bewildered. Artoo is 
               nowhere in sight. The pitiful screams of the doomed Rebel 
               soldiers can be heard in the distance.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Artoo! Artoo-Detoo, where are you?

               A familiar clanking sound attacks Threepio's attention and 
               he spots little Artoo at the end of the hallway in a smoke-
               filled alcove. A beautiful young girl (about sixteen years 
               old) stands in front of Artoo. Surreal and out of place, 
               dreamlike and half hidden in the smoke, she finishes adjusting 
               something on Artoo's computer face, then watches as the little 
               robot joins his companion.

                                     THREEPIO
                         At last! Where have you been?

               Stormtroopers can be heard battling in the distance.

                                     THREEPIO
                         They're heading in this direction. 
                         What are we going to do? We'll be 
                         sent to the spice mine of Kessel or 
                         smashed into who knows what!

               Artoo scoots past his bronze friend and races down the 
               subhallway. Threepio chases after him.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Wait a minute, where are you going?

               Artoo responds with electronic beeps.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - CORRIDOR

               The evil Darth Vader stands amid the broken and twisted bodies 
               of his foes. He grabs a wounded Rebel Officer by the neck as 
               an Imperial Officer rushes up to the Dark Lord.

                                     IMPERIAL OFFICER
                         The Death Star plans are not in the 
                         main computer.

               Vader squeezes the neck of the Rebel Officer, who struggles 
               in vain.

                                     VADER
                         Where are those transmissions you 
                         intercepted?

               Vader lifts the Rebel off his feet by his throat.

                                     VADER
                         What have you done with those plans?

                                     REBEL OFFICER
                         We intercepted no transmissions. 
                         Aaah... This is a consular ship. 
                         Were on a diplomatic mission.

                                     VADER
                         If this is a consular ship... were 
                         is the Ambassador?

               The Rebel refuses to speak but eventually cries out as the 
               Dark Lord begins to squeeze the officer's throat, creating a 
               gruesome snapping and choking, until the soldier goes limp. 
               Vader tosses the dead soldier against the wall and turns to 
               his troops.

                                     VADER
                         Commander, tear this ship apart until 
                         you've found those plans and bring 
                         me the Ambassador. I want her alive!

               The stormtroopers scurry into the subhallways.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - SUBHALLWAY

               The lovely young girl huddles in a small alcove as the 
               stormtroopers search through the ship. She is Princess Leia 
               Organa, a member of the Alderaan Senate. The fear in her 
               eyes slowly gives way to anger as the muted crushing sounds 
               of the approaching stormtroopers grow louder. One of the 
               troopers spots her.

                                     TROOPER
                         There she is! Set for stun!

               Leia steps from her hiding place and blasts a trooper with 
               her laser pistol. She starts to run but is felled by a 
               paralyzing ray. The troopers inspect her inert body.

                                     TROOPER
                         She'll be all right. Inform Lord 
                         Vader we have a prisoner.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - SUBHALLWAY

               Artoo stops before the small hatch of an emergency lifepod. 
               He snaps the seal on the main latch and a red warning light 
               begins to flash. The stubby astro-robot works his way into 
               the cramped four-man pod.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Hey, you're not permitted in there. 
                         It's restricted. You'll be deactivated 
                         for sure..

               Artoo beeps something to him.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Don't call me a mindless philosopher, 
                         you overweight glob of grease! Now 
                         come out before somebody sees you.

               Artoo whistles something at his reluctant friend regarding 
               the mission he is about to perform.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Secret mission? What plans? What are 
                         you talking about? I'm not getting 
                         in there!

               Artoo isn't happy with Threepio's stubbornness, and he beeps 
               and twangs angrily.

               A new explosion, this time very close, sends dust and debris 
               through the narrow subhallway. Flames lick at Threepio and, 
               after a flurry of electronic swearing from Artoo, the lanky 
               robot jumps into the lifepod.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I'm going to regret this.

               INT. IMPERIAL STARDESTROYER

               On the main viewscreen, the lifepod carrying the two terrified 
               robots speeds away from the stricken Rebel spacecraft.

                                     CHIEF PILOT
                         There goes another one.

                                     CAPTAIN
                         Hold your fire. There are no life 
                         forms. It must have been short-
                         circuited.

               INT. LIFEPOD

               Artoo and Threepio look out at the receding Imperial starship.  
               Stars circle as the pod rotates through the galaxy.

                                     THREEPIO
                         That's funny, the damage doesn't 
                         look as bad from out here.

               Artoo beeps an assuring response.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Are you sure this things safe?

               EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAY

               Heat waves radiate from the dozen or so bleached white 
               buildings. Luke pilots his Landspeeder through the dusty 
               empty street of the tiny settlement. An old woman runs to 
               get out of the way of the speeding vehicle, shaking her fist 
               at Luke as he flies past.

                                     WOMAN
                         I've told you kids to slow down!

               INT. POWER STATION - DAY

               Luke bursts into the power station, waking The Fixer, a rugged 
               mechanic and Camie, a sexy, disheveled girl who has been 
               asleep in his lap. They grumbled as he races through the 
               office, yelling wildly.

                                     FIXER
                         Did I hear a young noise blast through 
                         here?

                                     CAMIE
                         It was just wormie on another rampage.

               Luke bounces into a small room behind the office where Deak 
               and Windy, two tough boys about the same age as Luke, are 
               playing a computer pool-like game with Biggs, a burly, 
               handsome boy a few years older than the rest. His flashy 
               city attire is a sharp contrast to the loose-fitting tunics 
               of the farm boys. A robot repairs some equipment in the 
               background.

                                     LUKE
                         Shape it up you guys!... Biggs?

               Luke's surprise at the appearance of Biggs gives way to great 
               joy and emotion. They give each other a great bear hug.

                                     LUKE
                         I didn't know you were back! When 
                         did you get in?

                                     BIGGS
                         Just now. I wanted to surprise you, 
                         hot shot. I thought you'd be here... 
                         certainly didn't expect you to be 
                         out working.
                              (he laughs)

                                     LUKE
                         The Academy didn't change you 
                         much...but you're back so soon? Hey, 
                         what happened, didn't you get your 
                         commission?

               Biggs has an air of cool that seems slightly phony.

                                     BIGGS
                         Of course I got it. Signed aboard 
                         The Rand Ecliptic last week. First 
                         mate Biggs Darklighter at your 
                         service...
                              (he salutes)
                         ...I just came to say good-bye to 
                         all you unfortunate landlocked 
                         simpletons.

               Everyone laughs. The dazzling spectacle of his dashing friend 
               is almost too much for Luke, but suddenly he snaps out of 
               it.

                                     LUKE
                         I almost forgot. There's a battle 
                         going on! Right here in our system. 
                         Come and look!

                                     DEAK
                         Not again! Forget it.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD - SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - 
               DAY

               The group stumbles out into the stifling desert sun. Camie 
               and The Fixer complain and are forced to shade their eyes. 
               Luke has his binoculars out scanning the heavens.

                                     LUKE
                         There they are!

               Biggs takes the binoculars from Luke as the others strain to 
               see something with the naked eye. Through the binoculars 
               Biggs sees two small silver specks.

                                     BIGGS
                         That's no battle, hot shot... they're 
                         just sitting there! Probably a 
                         freighter-tanker refueling.

                                     LUKE
                         But there was a lot of firing 
                         earlier...

               Camie grabs the binoculars away banging them against the 
               building in the process. Luke grabs them.

                                     LUKE
                         Hey, easy with those...

                                     CAMIE
                         Don't worry about it, Wormie.

               The Fixer gives Luke a hard look and the young farm boy shrugs 
               his shoulders in resignation.

                                     FIXER
                         I keep telling you, the Rebellion is 
                         a long way from here. I doubt if the 
                         Empire would even fight to keep this 
                         system. Believe me Luke, this planet 
                         is a big hunk of nothing...

               Luke agrees, although it's obvious he isn't sure why. The 
               group stumbles back into the power station, grumbling about 
               Luke's ineptitude.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - HALLWAY

               Princess Leia is led down a low-ceilinged hallway by a squad 
               of armored stormtroopers. Her hands are bound and she is 
               brutally shoved when she is unable to keep up with the briskly 
               marching troops. They stop in a smoky hallway as Darth Vader 
               emerges from the shadows. The sinister Dark Lord stares hard 
               at the frail young senator, but she doesn't move.

                                     LEIA
                         Lord Vader, I should have known. 
                         Only you could be so bold. The 
                         Imperial Senate will not sit for 
                         this, when they hear you've attacked 
                         a diplomatic...

                                     VADER
                         Don't play games with me, Your 
                         Highness. You weren't on any mercy 
                         mission this time. You passed directly 
                         through a restricted system. Several 
                         transmissions were beamed to this 
                         ship by Rebel spies. I want to know 
                         what happened to the plans they sent 
                         you.

                                     LEIA
                         I don't know what you're talking 
                         about. I'm a member of the Imperial 
                         Senate on a diplomatic mission to 
                         Alderaan...

                                     VADER
                         You're a part of the Rebel Alliance... 
                         and a traitor. Take her away!

               Leia is marched away down the hallway and into the smoldering 
               hole blasted in the side of the ship. An Imperial Commander 
               turns to Vader.

                                     COMMANDER
                         Holding her is dangerous. If word of 
                         this gets out, it could generate 
                         sympathy for the Rebellion in the 
                         senate.

                                     VADER
                         I have traced the Rebel spies to 
                         her. Now she is my only link to find 
                         their secret base!

                                     COMMANDER
                         She'll die before she tells you 
                         anything.

                                     VADER
                         Leave that to me. Send a distress 
                         signal and then inform the senate 
                         that all aboard were killed!

               Another Imperial Officer approaches Vader and the Commander. 
               They stop and snap to attention.

                                     SECOND OFFICER
                         Lord Vader, the battle station plans 
                         are not aboard this ship! And no 
                         transmissions were made. An escape 
                         pod was jettisoned during the 
                         fighting, but no life forms were 
                         aboard.

               Vader turns to the Commander.

                                     VADER
                         She must have hidden the plans in 
                         the escape pod. Send a detachment 
                         down to retrieve them. See to it 
                         personally, Commander. There'll be 
                         no one to stop us this time.

                                     COMMANDER
                         Yes, sir.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Imperial Stardestroyer comes over the surface of the 
               planet Tatooine.

               EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT

               Jundland, or "No Man's Land", where the rugged desert mesas 
               meet the foreboding dune sea. The two helpless astro-droids 
               kick up clouds of sand as they leave the lifepod and clumsily 
               work their way across the desert wasteland. The lifepod in 
               the distance rests half buried in the sand.

                                     THREEPIO
                         How did I get into this mess? I really 
                         don't know how. We seem to be made 
                         to suffer. It's our lot in life.

               Artoo answers with beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I've got to rest before I fall apart. 
                         My joints are almost frozen.

               Artoo continues to respond with beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What a desolate place this is.

               Suddenly Artoo whistles, makes a sharp right turn and starts 
               off in the direction of the rocky desert mesas. Threepio 
               stops and yells at him.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Where are you going?

               A stream of electronic noises pours forth from the small 
               robot.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Well, I'm not going that way. It's 
                         much too rocky. This way is much 
                         easier.

               Artoo counters with a long whistle.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What makes you think there are 
                         settlements over there?

               Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Don't get technical with me.

               Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What mission? What are you talking 
                         about? I've had just about enough of 
                         you! Go that way! You'll be 
                         malfunctioning within a day, you 
                         nearsighted scrap pile!

               Threepio gives the little robot a kick and starts off in the 
               direction of the vast dune sea.

                                     THREEPIO
                         And don't let me catch you following 
                         me begging for help, because you 
                         won't get it.

               Artoo's reply is a rather rude sound. He turns and trudges 
               off in the direction of the towering mesas.

                                     THREEPIO
                         No more adventures. I'm not going 
                         that way.

               Artoo beeps to himself as he makes his way toward the distant 
               mountains.

               EXT. TATOOINE - DUNE SEA

               Threepio, hot and tired, struggles up over the ridge of a 
               dune; only to find more dunes, which seem to go on for endless 
               miles.  He looks back in the direction of the now distant 
               rock mesas.

                                     THREEPIO
                         That malfunctioning little twerp. 
                         This is all his fault! He tricked me 
                         into going this way, but he'll do no 
                         better.

               In a huff of anger and frustration, Threepio knocks the sand 
               from his joints. His plight seems hopeless, when a glint of 
               reflected light in the distance reveals an object moving 
               towards him.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Wait, what's that? A transport! I'm 
                         saved!

               The bronze android waves frantically and yells at the 
               approaching transport.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Over here! Help! Please, help!

               EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAY

               Luke and Biggs are walking and drinking a malt brew. Fixer 
               and the others can be heard working inside.

                                     LUKE
                              (Very animated)
                         ...so I cut off my power, shut down 
                         the afterburners and came in low on 
                         Deak's trail. I was so close I thought 
                         I was going to fry my instruments. 
                         As it was I busted up the Skyhopper 
                         pretty bad. Uncle Owen was pretty 
                         upset. He grounded me for the rest 
                         of the season. You should have been 
                         there... it was fantastic.

                                     BIGGS
                         You ought to take it easy Luke. You 
                         may be the hottest bushpilot this 
                         side of Mos Eisley, but those little 
                         Skyhoppers are dangerous. Keep it 
                         up, and one day, whammo, you're going 
                         to be nothing more than a dark spot 
                         on the down side of a canyon wall.

                                     LUKE
                         Look who's talking. Now that you've 
                         been around those giant starships 
                         you're beginning to sound like my 
                         uncle. You've gotten soft in the 
                         city...

                                     BIGGS
                         I've missed you kid.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, things haven't been the same 
                         since you left, Biggs. It's been 
                         so... quiet.

               Biggs looks around then leans close to Luke.

                                     BIGGS
                         Luke, I didn't come back just to say 
                         good-bye... I shouldn't tell you 
                         this, but you're the only one I can 
                         trust... and if I don't come back, I 
                         want somebody to know.

               Luke's eyes are wide with Biggs' seriousness and loyalty.

                                     LUKE
                         What are you talking about?

                                     BIGGS
                         I made some friends at the Academy.
                              (he whispers)
                         ...when our frigate goes to one of 
                         the central systems, we're going to 
                         jump ship and join the Alliance...

               Luke, amazed and stunned, is almost speechless.

                                     LUKE
                         Join the Rebellion?! Are you kidding! 
                         How?

                                     BIGGS
                         Quiet down will ya! You got a mouth 
                         bigger than a meteor crater!

                                     LUKE
                         I'm sorry. I'm quiet.
                              (he whispers)
                         Listen how quiet I am. You can barely 
                         hear me...

               Biggs shakes his head angrily and then continues.

                                     BIGGS
                         My friend has a friend on Bestine 
                         who might help us make contact.

                                     LUKE
                         You're crazy! You could wander around 
                         forever trying to find them.

                                     BIGGS
                         I know it's a long shot, but if I 
                         don't find them I'll do what I can 
                         on my own... It's what we always 
                         talked about. Luke, I'm not going to 
                         wait for the Empire to draft me into 
                         service. The Rebellion is spreading 
                         and I want to be on the right side -- 
                         the side I believe in.

                                     LUKE
                         And I'm stuck here...

                                     BIGGS
                         I thought you were going to the 
                         Academy next term. You'll get your 
                         chance to get off this rock.

                                     LUKE
                         Not likely! I had to cancel my 
                         application. There has been a lot of 
                         unrest among the Sandpeople since 
                         you left... they've even raided the 
                         outskirts of Anchorhead.

                                     BIGGS
                         Your uncle could hold off a whole 
                         colony of Sandpeople with one blaster.

                                     LUKE
                         I know, but he's got enough vaporators 
                         going to make the place pay off. He 
                         needs me for just one more season. I 
                         can't leave him now.

                                     BIGGS
                         I feel for you, Luke, you're going 
                         to have to learn what seems to be 
                         important or what really is important. 
                         What good is all your uncle's work 
                         if it's taken over by the Empire?... 
                         You know they're starting to 
                         nationalize commerce in the central 
                         systems... it won't be long before 
                         your uncle is merely a tenant, slaving 
                         for the greater glory of the Empire.

                                     LUKE
                         It couldn't happen here. You said it 
                         yourself. The Empire won't bother 
                         with this rock.

                                     BIGGS
                         Things always change.

                                     LUKE
                         I wish I was going... Are you going 
                         to be around long?

                                     BIGGS
                         No, I'm leaving in the morning...

                                     LUKE
                         Then I guess I won't see you.

                                     BIGGS
                         Maybe someday... I'll keep a lookout.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, I'll be at the Academy next 
                         season... after that who knows. I 
                         won't be drafted into the Imperial 
                         Starfleet that's for sure... Take 
                         care of yourself, you'll always be 
                         the best friend I've got.

                                     BIGGS
                         So long, Luke.

               Biggs turns away from his old friend and heads towards the 
               power station.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SUNSET

               The gargantuan rock formations are shrouded in a strange 
               foreboding mist and the onimous sounds of unearthly creatures 
               fill the air. Artoo moves cautiously through the creepy rock 
               canyon, inadvertently making a loud clicking noise as he 
               goes. He hears a distant, hard, metallic sound and stops for 
               a moment. Convinced he is alone, he continues on his way.

               In the distance, a pebble tumbles down the steep canyon wall 
               and a small dark figure darts into the shadows. A little 
               further up the canyon a slight flicker of light reveals a 
               pair of eyes in the dark recesses only a few feet from the 
               narrow path.

               The unsuspecting robot waddles along the rugged trail until 
               suddenly, out of nowhere, a powerful magnetic ray shoots out 
               of the rocks and engulfs him in an eerie glow. He manages 
               one short electronic squeak before he topples over onto his 
               back. His bright computer lights flicker off, then on, then 
               off again. Out of the rocks scurry three Jawas, no taller 
               than Artoo. They holster strange and complex weapons as they 
               cautiously approach the robot. They wear grubby cloaks and 
               their faces are shrouded so only their glowing eyes can be 
               seen. They hiss and make odd guttural sounds as they heave 
               the heavy robot onto their shoulders and carry him off down 
               the trail.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSET

               The eight Jawas carry Artoo out of the canyon to a huge tank-
               like vehicle the size of a four-story house. They weld a 
               small disk on the side of Artoo and then put him under a 
               large tube on the side of the vehicle and the little robot 
               is sucked into the giant machine.

               The filthy little Jawas scurry like rats up small ladders 
               and enter the main cabin of the behemoth transport.

               INT. SANDCRAWLER - HOLD AREA

               It is dim inside the hold area of the Sandcrawler. Artoo 
               switches on a small floodlight on his forehead and stumbles 
               around the scrap heap. The narrow beam swings across rusty 
               metal rocket parts and an array of grotesquely twisted and 
               maimed astro-robots. He lets out a pathetic electronic whimper 
               and stumbles off toward what appears to be a door at the end 
               of the chamber.

               INT. SANDCRAWLER - PRISON AREA

               Artoo enters a wide room with a four-foot ceiling. In the 
               middle of the scrap heap sit a dozen or so robots of various 
               shapes and sizes. Some are engaged in electronic conversation, 
               while others simply mill about. A voice of recognition calls 
               out from the gloom.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Artoo-Detoo! It's you! It's you!

               A battered Threepio scrambles up to Artoo and embraces him.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSET

               The enormous Sandcrawler lumbers off toward the magnificent 
               twin suns, which are slowly setting over a distant mountain 
               ridge.

               EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - DAY

               Four Imperial stormtroopers mill about in front of the half-
               buried lifepod that brought Artoo and Threepio to Tatooine. 
               A trooper yells to an officer some distance away.

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         Someone was in the pod. The tracks 
                         go off in this direction.

               A second trooper picks a small bit of metal out of the sand 
               and gives it to the first trooper.

                                     SECOND TROOPER
                         Look, sir -- droids.

               EXT. TATOOINE - DUNES

               The Sandcrawler moves slowly down a great sand dune.

               INT. SANDCRAWLER

               Threepio and Artoo noisily bounce along inside the cramped 
               prison chamber. Artoo appears to be shut off.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Wake up! Wake up!

               Suddenly the shaking and bouncing of the Sandcrawler stops, 
               creating quite a commotion among the mechanical men.  
               Threepio's fist bangs the head of Artoo whose computer lights 
               pop on as he begins beeping. At the far end of the long 
               chamber a hatch opens, filling the chamber with blinding 
               white light. a dozen or so Jawas make their way through the 
               odd assortment of robots.

                                     THREEPIO
                         We're doomed.

               A Jawa starts moving toward them.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Do you think they'll melt us down?

               Artoo responds, making beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Don't shoot! Don't shoot! Will this 
                         never end?

               EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - LARS HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOON

               The Jawas mutter gibberish as they busily line up their 
               battered captives, including Artoo and Threepio, in front of 
               the enormous Sandcrawler, which is parked beside a small 
               homestead consisting of three large holes in the ground 
               surrounded by several tall moisture vaporators and one small 
               adobe block house.

               The Jawas scurry around fussing over the robots, straightening 
               them up or brushing some dust from a dented metallic elbow. 
               The shrouded little creatures smell horribly, attracting 
               small insects to the dark areas when their mouths and nostrils 
               should be.

               Out of the shadows of a dingy side-building limps Owen Lars, 
               a large burly man in his mid-fifties. His reddish eyes are 
               sunken in a dust-covered face. As the farmer carefully 
               inspects each robot, he is closely followed by his slump- 
               shouldered nephew, Luke Skywalker. One of the vile little 
               Jawas walks ahead of the farmer spouting an animated sales 
               pitch in a queer, unintelligible language.

               A voice calls out from one of the huge holes that form the 
               homestead. Luke goes over to the edge and sees his Aunt Beru 
               standing in the main courtyard.

                                     BERU
                         Luke, tell Owen that if he gets a 
                         translator to be sure it speaks Bocce.

                                     LUKE
                         It looks like we don't have much of 
                         a choice but I'll remind him.

               Luke returns to his uncle as they look over the equipment 
               for sale with the Jawa leader.

                                     OWEN
                         I have no need for a protocol droid.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (quickly)
                         Sir -- not in an environment such as 
                         this -- that's why I've also been 
                         programmed for over thirty secondary 
                         functions that...

                                     OWEN
                         What I really need is a droid that 
                         understands the binary language of 
                         moisture vaporators.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Vaporators! Sir -- My first job was 
                         programming binary load lifter... 
                         very similar to your vaporators. You 
                         could say...

                                     OWEN
                         Do you speak Bocce?

                                     THREEPIO
                         Of course I can, sir. It's like a 
                         second language for me... I'm as 
                         fluent in Bocce...

                                     OWEN
                         All right shut up!
                              (turning to Jawa)
                         I'll take this one.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Shutting up, sir.

                                     OWEN
                         Luke, take these two over to the 
                         garage, will you? I want you to have 
                         both of them cleaned up before dinner.

                                     LUKE
                         But I was going into Toshi Station 
                         to pick up some power converters...

                                     OWEN
                         You can waste time with your friends 
                         when your chores are done. Now come 
                         on, get to it!

                                     LUKE
                         All right, come on! And the red one, 
                         come on. Well, come on, Red, let's 
                         go.

               As the Jawas start to lead the three remaining robots back 
               into the Sandcrawler, Artoo lets out a pathetic little beep 
               and starts after his old friend Threepio. He is restrained 
               by a slimy Jawa, who zaps him with a control box.

               Owen is negotiating with the head Jawa. Luke and the two 
               robots start off for the garage when a plate pops off the 
               head of the red astro-droid's head plate and it sparks wildly.

                                     LUKE
                         Uncle Owen...

                                     OWEN
                         Yeah?

                                     LUKE
                         This R2 unit has a bad motivator. 
                         Look!

                                     OWEN
                              (to the head Jawa)
                         Hey, what're you trying to push on 
                         us?

               The Jawa goes into a loud spiel. Meanwhile, Artoo has sneaked 
               out of line and is moving up and down trying to attract 
               attention. He lets out with a low whistle. Threepio taps 
               Luke on the shoulder.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (pointing to Artoo)
                         Excuse me, sir, but that R2 unit is 
                         in prime condition. A real bargain.

                                     LUKE
                         Uncle Owen...

                                     OWEN
                         Yeah?

                                     LUKE
                         What about that one?

                                     OWEN
                              (to Jawa)
                         What about that blue one? We'll take 
                         that one.

               With a little reluctance the scruffy dwarf trades the damaged 
               astro-droid for Artoo.

                                     LUKE
                         Yeah, take it away.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Uh, I'm quite sure you'll be very 
                         pleased with that one, sir. He really 
                         is in first-class condition. I've 
                         worked with him before. Here he comes.

               Owen pays off the whining Jawa as Luke and the two robots 
               trudge off toward a grimy homestead entry.

                                     LUKE
                         Okay, let's go.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (to Artoo)
                         Now, don't you forget this! Why I 
                         should stick my neck out for you is 
                         quite beyond my capacity!

               INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - GARAGE AREA - LATE AFTERNOON

               The garage is cluttered and worn, but a friendly peaceful 
               atmosphere permeates the low grey chamber. Threepio lowers 
               himself into a large tub filled with warm oil. Near the 
               battered Landspeeder little Artoo rests on a large battery 
               with a cord to his face.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Thank the maker! This oil bath is 
                         going to feel so good. I've got such 
                         a bad case of dust contamination, I 
                         can barely move!

               Artoo beeps a muffled reply. Luke seems to be lost in thought 
               as he runs his hand over the damaged fin of a small two-man 
               Skyhopper spaceship resting in a low hangar off the garage. 
               Finally Luke's frustrations get the better of him and he 
               slams a wrench across the workbench.

                                     LUKE
                         It just isn't fair. Oh, Biggs is 
                         right. I'm never gonna get out of 
                         here!

                                     THREEPIO
                         Is there anything I might do to help?

               Luke glances at the battered robot. A bit of his anger drains 
               and a tiny smile creeps across his face.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, not unless you can alter time, 
                         speed up the harvest, or teleport me 
                         off this rock!

                                     THREEPIO
                         I don't think so, sir. I'm only a 
                         droid and not very knowledgeable 
                         about such things. Not on this planet, 
                         anyways. As a matter of fact, I'm 
                         not even sure which planet I'm on.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, if there's a bright center to 
                         the universe, you're on the planet 
                         that it's farthest from.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I see, sir.

                                     LUKE
                         Uh, you can call me Luke.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I see, sir Luke.

                                     LUKE
                              (laughing)
                         Just Luke.

                                     THREEPIO
                         And I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg 
                         relations, and this is my counterpart, 
                         Artoo-Detoo.

                                     LUKE
                         Hello.

               Artoo beeps in response. Luke unplugs Artoo and begins to 
               scrape several connectors on the robot's head with a chrome 
               pick. Threepio climbs out of the oil tub and begins wiping 
               oil from his bronze body.

                                     LUKE
                         You got a lot of carbon scoring here. 
                         It looks like you boys have seen a 
                         lot of action.

                                     THREEPIO
                         With all we've been through, sometimes 
                         I'm amazed we're in as good condition 
                         as we are, what with the Rebellion 
                         and all.

                                     LUKE
                         You know of the Rebellion against 
                         the Empire?

                                     THREEPIO
                         That's how we came to be in your 
                         service, if you take my meaning, 
                         sir.

                                     LUKE
                         Have you been in many battles?

                                     THREEPIO
                         Several, I think. Actually, there's 
                         not much to tell. I'm not much more 
                         than an interpreter, and not very 
                         good at telling stories. Well, not 
                         at making them interesting, anyways.

               Luke struggles to remove a small metal fragment from Artoo's 
               neck joint. He uses a larger pick.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, my little friend, you've got 
                         something jammed in here real good. 
                         Were you on a cruiser or...

               The fragment breaks loose with a snap, sending Luke tumbling 
               head over heels. He sits up and sees a twelve-inch three-
               dimensional hologram of Leia Organa, the Rebel senator, being 
               projected from the face of little Artoo. The image is a 
               rainbow of colors as it flickers and jiggles in the dimly 
               lit garage. Luke's mouth hangs open in awe.

                                     LEIA
                         Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my 
                         only hope.

                                     LUKE
                         What's this?

               Artoo looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer for Threepio 
               to translate. Leia continues to repeat the sentence fragment 
               over and over.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What is what?!? He asked you a 
                         question...
                              (pointing to Leia)
                         What is that?

               Artoo whistles his surprise as he pretends to just notice 
               the hologram. He looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer 
               for Threepio to translate. Leia continues to repeat the 
               sentence fragment over and over.

                                     LEIA
                         Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my 
                         only hope. Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. 
                         You're my only hope.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh, he says it's nothing, sir. Merely 
                         a malfunction. Old data. Pay it no 
                         mind.

               Luke becomes intrigued by the beautiful girl.

                                     LUKE
                         Who is she? She's beautiful.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir.

                                     LEIA
                         Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi...

                                     THREEPIO
                         I think she was a passenger on our 
                         last voyage. A person of some 
                         importance, sir -- I believe. Our 
                         captain was attached to...

                                     LUKE
                         Is there more to this recording?

               Luke reaches out for Artoo but he lets out several frantic 
               squeaks and a whistle.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Behave yourself, Artoo. You're going 
                         to get us in trouble. It's all right, 
                         you can trust him. He's our new 
                         master.

               Artoo whistles and beeps a long message to Threepio.

                                     THREEPIO
                         He says he's the property of Obi-Wan 
                         Kenobi, a resident of these parts. 
                         And it's a private message for him. 
                         Quite frankly, sir I don't know what 
                         he's talking about. Our last master 
                         was Captain Antilles, but with what 
                         we've been through, this little R2 
                         unit has become a bit eccentric.

                                     LUKE
                         Obi-Wan Kenobi? I wonder if he means 
                         old Ben Kenobi?

                                     THREEPIO
                         I beg your pardon, sir, but do you 
                         know what he's talking about?

                                     LUKE
                         Well, I don't know anyone named Obi-
                         Wan, but old Ben lives out beyond 
                         the dune sea. He's kind of a strange 
                         old hermit.

               Luke's gazes at the beautiful young princess for a few 
               moments.

                                     LUKE
                         I wonder who she is. It sounds like 
                         she's in trouble. I'd better play 
                         back the whole thing.

               Artoo beeps something to Threepio.

                                     THREEPIO
                         He says the restraining bolt has 
                         short circuited his recording system. 
                         He suggests that if you remove the 
                         bolt, he might be able to play back 
                         the entire recording.

               Luke looks longingly at the lovely, little princess and hasn't 
               really heard what Threepio has been saying.

                                     LUKE
                         H'm? Oh, yeah, well, I guess you're 
                         too small to run away on me if I 
                         take this off! Okay.

               Luke takes a wedged bar and pops the restraining bolt off 
               Artoo's side.

                                     LUKE
                         There you go.

               The princess immediately disappears...

                                     LUKE
                         Well, wait a minute. Where'd she go? 
                         Bring her back! Play back the entire 
                         message.

               Artoo beeps an innocent reply as Threepio sits up in 
               embarrassment.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What message? The one you're carrying 
                         inside your rusty innards!

               A women's voice calls out from another room.

                                     AUNT BERU
                         Luke? Luke! Come to dinner!

               Luke stands up and shakes his head at the malfunctioning 
               robot.

                                     LUKE
                         All right, I'll be right there, Aunt 
                         Beru.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I'm sorry, sir, but he appears to 
                         have picked up a slight flutter.

               Luke tosses Artoo's restraining bolt on the workbench and 
               hurries out of the room.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, see what you can do with him. 
                         I'll be right back.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (to Artoo)
                         Just you reconsider playing that 
                         message for him.

               Artoo beeps in response.

                                     THREEPIO
                         No, I don't think he likes you at 
                         all.

               Artoo beeps.

                                     THREEPIO
                         No, I don't like you either.

               INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - DINING AREA

               Luke's Aunt Beru, a warm, motherly woman, fills a pitcher 
               with blue fluid from a refrigerated container in the well-
               used kitchen. She puts the pitcher on a tray with some bowls 
               of food and starts for the dining area.

               Luke sits with his Uncle Owen before a table covered with 
               steaming bowls of food as Aunt Beru carries in a bowl of red 
               grain.

                                     LUKE
                         You know, I think that R2 unit we 
                         bought might have been stolen.

                                     OWEN
                         What makes you think that?

                                     LUKE
                         Well, I stumbled across a recording 
                         while I was cleaning him. He says he 
                         belongs to someone called Obi-Wan 
                         Kenobi.

               Owen is greatly alarmed at the mention of his name, but 
               manages to control himself.

                                     LUKE
                         I thought he might have meant old 
                         Ben. Do you know what he's talking 
                         about? Well, I wonder if he's related 
                         to Ben.

               Owen breaks loose with a fit of uncontrolled anger.

                                     OWEN
                         That old man's just a crazy old 
                         wizard. Tomorrow I want you to take 
                         that R2 unit into Anchorhead and 
                         have its memory flushed. That'll be 
                         the end of it. It belongs to us now.

                                     LUKE
                         But what if this Obi-Wan comes looking 
                         for him?

                                     OWEN
                         He won't, I don't think he exists 
                         any more. He died about the same 
                         time as your father.

                                     LUKE
                         He knew my father?

                                     OWEN
                         I told you to forget it. Your only 
                         concern is to prepare the new droids 
                         for tomorrow. In the morning I want 
                         them on the south ridge working out 
                         those condensers.

                                     LUKE
                         Yes, sir. I think those new droids 
                         are going to work out fine. In fact, 
                         I, uh, was also thinking about our 
                         agreement about my staying on another 
                         season. And if these new droids do 
                         work out, I want to transmit my 
                         application to the Academy this year.

               Owen's face becomes a scowl, although he tries to suppress 
               it.

                                     OWEN
                         You mean the next semester before 
                         harvest?

                                     LUKE
                         Sure, there're more than enough 
                         droids.

                                     OWEN
                         Harvest is when I need you the most. 
                         Only one more season. This year we'll 
                         make enough on the harvest so I'll 
                         be able to hire some more hands. And 
                         then you can go to the Academy next 
                         year.

               Luke continues to toy with his food, not looking at his uncle.

                                     OWEN
                         You must understand I need you here, 
                         Luke.

                                     LUKE
                         But it's a whole 'nother year.

                                     OWEN
                         Look, it's only one more season.

               Luke pushes his half-eaten plate of food aside and stands.

                                     LUKE
                         Yeah, that's what you said last year 
                         when Biggs and Tank left.

                                     AUNT BERU
                         Where are you going?

                                     LUKE
                         It looks like I'm going nowhere. I 
                         have to finish cleaning those droids.

               Resigned to his fate, Luke paddles out of the room. Owen 
               mechanically finishes his dinner.

                                     AUNT BERU
                         Owen, he can't stay here forever. 
                         Most of his friends have gone. It 
                         means so much to him.

                                     OWEN
                         I'll make it up to him next year. I 
                         promise.

                                     AUNT BERU
                         Luke's just not a farmer, Owen. He 
                         has too much of his father in him.

                                     OWEN
                         That's what I'm afraid of.

               EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD

               The giant twin suns of Tatooine slowly disappear behind a 
               distant dune range. Luke stands watching them for a few 
               moments, then reluctantly enters the doomed entrance to the 
               homestead.

               INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - GARAGE

               Luke enters the garage to discover the robots nowhere in 
               sight. He takes a small control box from his utility belt 
               similar to the one the Jawas were carrying. He activates the 
               box, which creates a low hum, and Threepio, letting out a 
               short yell, pops up from behind the Skyhopper spaceship.

                                     LUKE
                         What are you doing hiding there?

               Threepio stumbles forward, but Artoo is still nowhere in 
               sight.

                                     THREEPIO
                         It wasn't my fault, sir. Please don't 
                         deactivate me. I told him not to go, 
                         but he's faulty, malfunctioning; 
                         kept babbling on about his mission.

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, no!

               Luke races out of the garage followed by Threepio.

               EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD

               Luke rushes out of the small doomed entry to the homestead 
               and searches the darkening horizon for the small triped astro-
               robot. Threepio struggles out of the homestead and on the 
               salt flat as Luke scans the landscape with his 
               electrobinoculars.

                                     THREEPIO
                         That R2 unit has always been a 
                         problem. These astro-droids are 
                         getting quite out of hand. Even I 
                         can't understand their logic at times.

                                     LUKE
                         How could I be so stupid? He's nowhere 
                         in sight. Blast it!

                                     THREEPIO
                         Pardon me, sir, but couldn't we go 
                         after him?

                                     LUKE
                         It's too dangerous with all the 
                         Sandpeople around. We'll have to 
                         wait until morning.

               Owen yells up from the homestead plaza.

                                     OWEN
                         Luke, I'm shutting the power down 
                         for the night.

                                     LUKE
                         All right, I'll be there in a few 
                         minutes. Boy, am I gonna get it.

               He takes one final look across the dim horizon.

                                     LUKE
                         You know that little droid is going 
                         to cause me a lot of trouble.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh, he excels at that, sir.

               INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - PLAZA

               Morning slowly creeps into the sparse but sparkling oasis of 
               the open courtyard. The idyll is broken be the yelling of 
               Uncle Owen, his voice echoing throughout the homestead.

                                     OWEN
                         Luke? Luke? Luke? Where could he be 
                         loafing now!

               INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - KITCHEN

               The interior of the kitchen is a worm glow as Aunt Beru 
               prepares the morning breakfast. Owen enters in a huff.

                                     OWEN
                         Have you seen Luke this morning?

                                     AUNT BERU
                         He said he had some things to do 
                         before he started today, so he left 
                         early.

                                     OWEN
                         Uh? Did he take those two new droids 
                         with him?

                                     AUNT BERU
                         I think so.

                                     OWEN
                         Well, he'd better have those units 
                         in the south range repaired be midday 
                         or there'll be hell to pay!

               EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT WASTELAND - LUKE'S SPEEDER - DAY

               The rock and sand of the desert floor are a blur as Threepio 
               pilots the sleek Landspeeder gracefully across the vast 
               wasteland.

               INT./EXT. LUKE'S SPEEDER - DESERT WASTELAND - TRAVELING - 
               DAY

               Luke leans over the back of the speeder and adjusts something 
               in the motor compartment.

                                     LUKE
                              (yelling)
                         How's that.

               Threepio signals that is fine and Luke turns back into the 
               wind-whipped cockpit and pops the canopy shut.

                                     LUKE
                         Old Ben Kenobi lives out in this 
                         direction somewhere, but I don't see 
                         how that R2 unit could have come 
                         this far. We must have missed him. 
                         Uncle Owen isn't going to take this 
                         very well.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Sir, would it help if you told him 
                         it was my fault.

                                     LUKE
                              (brightening)
                         Sure. He needs you. He'd probably 
                         only deactivate you for a day or 
                         so...

                                     THREEPIO
                         Deactivate! Well, on the other hand 
                         if you hadn't removed his restraining 
                         bolt...

                                     LUKE
                         Wait, there's something dead ahead 
                         on the scanner. It looks like our 
                         droid... hit the accelerator.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK MESA - DUNE SEA - COASTLINE - DAY

               From high on a rock mesa, the tiny Landspeeder can be seen 
               gliding across the desert floor. Suddenly in the foreground 
               two weather-beaten Sandpeople shrouded in their grimy desert 
               cloaks peer over the edge of the rock mesa. One of the 
               marginally human creatures raises a long ominous laser rifle 
               and points it at the speeder but the second creature grabs 
               the gun before it can be fired.

               The Sandpeople, or Tusken Raiders as they're sometimes called, 
               speak in a coarse barbaric language as they get into an 
               animated argument. The second Tusken Raider seems to get in 
               the final word and the nomads scurry over the rocky terrain.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK MESA - CANYON

               The Tusken Raider approaches two large Banthas standing tied 
               to a rock. The monstrous, bear-like creatures are as large 
               as elephants, with huge red eyes, tremendous looped horns, 
               and long, furry, dinosaur-like tails. The Tusken Raiders 
               mount saddles strapped to the huge creatures' shaggy backs 
               and ride off down the rugged bluff.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - FLOOR

               The speeder is parked on the floor of a massive canyon. Luke, 
               with his long laser rifle slung over his shoulder, stands 
               before little Artoo.

                                     LUKE
                         Hey, whoa, just where do you think 
                         you're going?

               The little droid whistles a feeble reply, as Threepio poses 
               menacingly behind the little runaway.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Master Luke here is your rightful 
                         owner. We'll have no more of this 
                         Obi-Wan Kenobi jibberish... and don't 
                         talk to me about your mission, either. 
                         You're fortunate he doesn't blast 
                         you into a million pieces right here.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, come on. It's getting late. I 
                         only hope we can get back before 
                         Uncle Owen really blows up.

                                     THREEPIO
                         If you don't mind my saying so, sir, 
                         I think you should deactivate the 
                         little fugitive until you've gotten 
                         him back to your workshop.

                                     LUKE
                         No, he's not going to try anything.

               Suddenly the little robot jumps to life with a mass of frantic 
               whistles and screams.

                                     LUKE
                         What's wrong with him now?

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh my... sir, he says there are 
                         several creatures approaching from 
                         the southeast.

               Luke swings his rifle into position and looks to the south.

                                     LUKE
                         Sandpeople! Or worst! Come on, let's 
                         have a look. Come on.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - RIDGE - DAY

               Luke carefully makes his way to the top of a rock ridge and 
               scans the canyon with his electrobinoculars. He spots the 
               two riderless Banthas. Threepio struggles up behind the young 
               adventurer.

                                     LUKE
                         There are two Banthas down there but 
                         I don't see any... wait a second, 
                         they're Sandpeople all right. I can 
                         see one of them now.

               Luke watches the distant Tusken Raider through his 
               electrobinoculars. Suddenly something huge moves in front of 
               his field of view. Before Luke or Threepio can react, a large, 
               gruesome Tusken Raider looms over them. Threepio is startled 
               and backs away, right off the side if the cliff. He can be 
               heard for several moments as he clangs, bangs and rattles 
               down the side of the mountain.

               The towering creature brings down his curved, double-pointed 
               gaderffii -- the dreaded axe blade that has struck terror in 
               the heart of the local settlers. But Luke manages to block 
               the blow with his laser rifle, which is smashed to pieces. 
               The terrified farm boy scrambles backward until he is forced 
               to the edge of a deep crevice. The sinister Raider stands 
               over him with his weapon raised and lets out a horrible 
               shrieking laugh.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - FLOOR - DAY

               Artoo forces himself into the shadows of a small alcove in 
               the rocks as the vicious Sandpeople walk past carrying the 
               inert Luke Skywalker, who is dropped in a heap before the 
               speeder.  The Sandpeople ransack the speeder, throwing parts 
               and supplies in all directions. Suddenly they stop. Then 
               everything is quiet for a few moments. A great howling moan 
               is heard echoing throughout the canyon which sends the 
               Sandpeople fleeing in terror.

               Artoo moves even tighter into the shadows as the slight 
               swishing sound that frightened off the Sandpeople grows even 
               closer, until a shabby old desert-rat-of-a-man appears and 
               leans over Luke. His ancient leathery face, cracked and 
               weathered by exotic climates is set off by dark, penetrating 
               eyes and a scraggly white beard. Ben Kenobi squints his eyes 
               as he scrutinizes the unconscious farm boy. Artoo makes a 
               slight sound and Ben turns and looks right at him.

                                     BEN
                         Hello there! Come here my little 
                         friend. Don't be afraid.

               Artoo waddles over to were Luke lies crumpled in a heap and 
               begins to whistle and beep his concern. Ben puts his hand on 
               Luke's forehead and he begins to come around.

                                     BEN
                         Don't worry, he'll be all right.

                                     LUKE
                         What happened?

                                     BEN
                         Rest easy, son, you've had a busy 
                         day. You're fortunate you're still 
                         in one piece.

                                     LUKE
                         Ben? Ben Kenobi! Boy, am I glad to 
                         see you!

                                     BEN
                         The Jundland wastes are not to be 
                         traveled lightly. Tell me young Luke, 
                         what brings you out this far?

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, this little droid! I think he's 
                         searching for his former master... 
                         I've never seen such devotion in a 
                         droid before... there seems to be no 
                         stopping him. He claims to be the 
                         property of an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Is he 
                         a relative of yours? Do you know who 
                         he's talking about?

               Ben ponders this for a moment, scratching his scruffy beard.

                                     BEN
                         Obi-Wan Kenobi... Obi-Wan? Now thats 
                         a name I haven't heard in a long 
                         time... a long time.

                                     LUKE
                         I think my uncle knew him. He said 
                         he was dead.

                                     BEN
                         Oh, he's not dead, not... not yet.

                                     LUKE
                         You know him!

                                     BEN
                         Well of course, of course I know 
                         him. He's me! I haven't gone by the 
                         name Obi-Wan since oh, before you 
                         were born.

                                     LUKE
                         Then the droid does belong to you.

                                     BEN
                         Don't seem to remember ever owning a 
                         droid. Very interesting...

               He suddenly looks up at the overhanging cliffs.

                                     BEN
                         I think we better get indoors. The 
                         Sandpeople are easily startled but 
                         they will soon be back and in greater 
                         numbers.

               Luke sits up and rubs his head. Artoo lets out a pathetic 
               beep causing Luke to remember something. He looks around.

                                     LUKE
                         Threepio!

               EXT. TATOOINE - SAND PIT - ROCK MESA - DAY

               Little Artoo stands at the edge of a large sand pit and begins 
               to chatter away in electronic whistles and beeps. Luke and 
               Ben stand over a very dented and tangled Threepio lying half 
               buried in the sand. One of his arms has broken off.

               Luke tries to revive the inert robot by shaking him and then 
               flips a hidden switch on his back several times until finally 
               the mechanical man's systems turn on.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Where am I? I must have taken a bad 
                         step...

                                     LUKE
                         Can you stand? We've got to get out 
                         of here before the Sandpeople return.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I don't think I can make it. You go 
                         on, Master Luke. There's no sense in 
                         you risking yourself on my account. 
                         I'm done for.

               Artoo makes a beeping sound.

                                     LUKE
                         No, you're not. What kind of talk is 
                         that?

               Luke and Ben help the battered robot to his feet. Little 
               Artoo watches from the top of the pit. Ben glances around 
               suspiciously. Sensing something, he stands up and sniffs the 
               air.

                                     BEN
                         Quickly, son... they're on the move.

               INT. KENOBI'S DWELLING

               The small, spartan hovel is cluttered with desert junk but 
               still manages to radiate an air of time-worn comfort and 
               security. Luke is in one corner repairing Threepio's arm, as 
               old Ben sits thinking.

                                     LUKE
                         No, my father didn't fight in the 
                         wars. He was a navigator on a spice 
                         freighter.

                                     BEN
                         That's what your uncle told you. He 
                         didn't hold with your father's ideals. 
                         Thought he should have stayed here 
                         and not gotten involved.

                                     LUKE
                         You fought in the Clone Wars?

                                     BEN
                         Yes, I was once a Jedi Knight the 
                         same as your father.

                                     LUKE
                         I wish I'd known him.

                                     BEN
                         He was the best star-pilot in the 
                         galaxy, and a cunning warrior. I 
                         understand you've become quite a 
                         good pilot yourself. And he was a 
                         good friend. Which reminds me...

               Ben gets up and goes to a chest where he rummages around.  
               As Luke finishes repairing Threepio and starts to fit the 
               restraining bolt back on, Threepio looks at him nervously.  
               Luke thinks about the bolt for a moment then puts it on the 
               table. Ben shuffles up and presents Luke with a short handle 
               with several electronic gadgets attached to it.

                                     BEN
                         I have something here for you. Your 
                         father wanted you to have this when 
                         you were old enough, but your uncle 
                         wouldn't allow it. He feared you 
                         might follow old Obi-Wan on some 
                         damned-fool idealistic crusade like 
                         your father did.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Sir, if you'll not be needing me, 
                         I'll close down for awhile.

                                     LUKE
                         Sure, go ahead.

               Ben hands Luke the saber.

                                     LUKE
                         What is it?

                                     BEN
                         Your fathers lightsaber. This is the 
                         weapon of a Jedi Knight. Not as clumsy 
                         or as random as a blaster.

               Luke pushes a button on the handle. A long beam shoots out 
               about four feet and flickers there. The light plays across 
               the ceiling.

                                     BEN
                         An elegant weapon for a more civilized 
                         time. For over a thousand generations 
                         the Jedi Knights were the guardians 
                         of peace and justice in the Old 
                         Republic. Before the dark times, 
                         before the Empire.

               Luke hasn't really been listening.

                                     LUKE
                         How did my father die?

                                     BEN
                         A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who 
                         was a pupil of mine until he turned 
                         to evil, helped the Empire hunt down 
                         and destroy the Jedi Knights. He 
                         betrayed and murdered your father. 
                         Now the Jedi are all but extinct. 
                         Vader was seduced by the dark side 
                         of the Force.

                                     LUKE
                         The Force?

                                     BEN
                         Well, the Force is what gives a Jedi 
                         his power. It's an energy field 
                         created by all living things. It 
                         surrounds us and penetrates us. It 
                         binds the galaxy together.

               Artoo makes beeping sounds.

                                     BEN
                         Now, let's see if we can't figure 
                         out what you are, my little friend. 
                         And where you come from.

                                     LUKE
                         I saw part of the message he was...

               Luke is cut short as the recorded image of the beautiful 
               young Rebel princess is projected from Artoo's face.

                                     BEN
                         I seem to have found it.

               Luke stops his work as the lovely girl's image flickers before 
               his eyes.

                                     LEIA
                         General Kenobi, years ago you served 
                         my father in the Clone Wars. Now he 
                         begs you to help him in his struggle 
                         against the Empire. I regret that I 
                         am unable to present my father's 
                         request to you in person, but my 
                         ship has fallen under attack and I'm 
                         afraid my mission to bring you to 
                         Alderaan has failed. I have placed 
                         information vital to the survival of 
                         the Rebellion into the memory systems 
                         of this R2 unit. My father will know 
                         how to retrieve it. You must see 
                         this droid safely delivered to him 
                         on Alderaan. This is our most 
                         desperate hour. Help me, Obi-Wan 
                         Kenobi, you're my only hope.

               There is a little static and the transmission is cut short.  
               Old Ben leans back and scratches his head. He silently puffs 
               on a tarnished chrome water pipe. Luke has stars in his eyes.

                                     BEN
                         You must learn the ways of the Force 
                         if you're to come with me to Alderaan.

                                     LUKE
                              (laughing)
                         Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. 
                         I've got to go home. It's late, I'm 
                         in for it as it is.

                                     BEN
                         I need your help, Luke. She needs 
                         your help. I'm getting too old for 
                         this sort of thing.

                                     LUKE
                         I can't get involved! I've got work 
                         to do! It's not that I like the 
                         Empire. I hate it! But there's nothing 
                         I can do about it right now. It's 
                         such a long way from here.

                                     BEN
                         That's your uncle talking.

                                     LUKE
                              (sighing)
                         Oh, God, my uncle. How am I ever 
                         going to explain this?

                                     BEN
                         Learn about the Force, Luke.

                                     LUKE
                         Look, I can take you as far as 
                         Anchorhead. You can get a transport 
                         there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're 
                         going.

                                     BEN
                         You must do what you feel is right, 
                         of course.

               EXT. SPACE.

               An Imperial Stardestroyer heads toward the evil planet-like 
               battle station: the Death Star!

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM

               Eight Imperial senators and generals sit around a black 
               conference table. Imperial stormtroopers stand guard around 
               the room. Commander Tagge, a young, slimy-looking general, 
               is speaking.

                                     TAGGE
                         Until this battle station is fully 
                         operational we are vulnerable. The 
                         Rebel Alliance is too well equipped. 
                         They're more dangerous than you 
                         realize.

               The bitter Admiral Motti twists nervously in his chair.

                                     MOTTI
                         Dangerous to your starfleet, 
                         Commander, not to this battle station!

                                     TAGGE
                         The Rebellion will continue to gain 
                         a support in the Imperial Senate as 
                         long as....

               Suddenly all heads turn as Commander Tagge's speech is cut 
               short and the Grand Moff Tarkin, governor of the Imperial 
               outland regions, enters. He is followed by his powerful ally, 
               The Sith Lord, Darth Vader. All of the generals stand and 
               bow before the thin, evil-looking governor as he takes his 
               place at the head of the table. The Dark Lord stands behind 
               him.

                                     TARKIN
                         The Imperial Senate will no longer 
                         be of any concern to us. I've just 
                         received word that the Emperor has 
                         dissolved the council permanently. 
                         The last remnants of the Old Republic 
                         have been swept away.

                                     TAGGE
                         That's impossible! How will the 
                         Emperor maintain control without the 
                         bureaucracy?

                                     TARKIN
                         The regional governors now have direct 
                         control over territories. Fear will 
                         keep the local systems in line. Fear 
                         of this battle station.

                                     TAGGE
                         And what of the Rebellion? If the 
                         Rebels have obtained a complete 
                         technical readout of this station, 
                         it is possible, however unlikely, 
                         that they might find a weakness and 
                         exploit it.

                                     VADER
                         The plans you refer to will soon be 
                         back in our hands.

                                     MOTTI
                         Any attack made by the Rebels against 
                         this station would be a useless 
                         gesture, no matter what technical 
                         data they've obtained. This station 
                         is now the ultimate power in the 
                         universe. I suggest we use it!

                                     VADER
                         Don't be too proud of this 
                         technological terror you've 
                         constructed. The ability to destroy 
                         a planet is insignificant next to 
                         the power of the Force.

                                     MOTTI
                         Don't try to frighten us with your 
                         sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader. Your 
                         sad devotion to that ancient religion 
                         has not helped you conjure up the 
                         stolen data tapes, or given you 
                         clairvoyance enough to find the 
                         Rebel's hidden fort...

               Suddenly Motti chokes and starts to turn blue under Vader's 
               spell.

                                     VADER
                         I find your lack of faith disturbing.

                                     TARKIN
                         Enough of this! Vader, release him!

                                     VADER
                         As you wish.

                                     TARKIN
                         This bickering is pointless. Lord 
                         Vader will provide us with the 
                         location of the Rebel fortress by 
                         the time this station is operational. 
                         We will then crush the Rebellion 
                         with one swift stroke.

               EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND

               The speeder stops before what remains of the huge Jawas 
               Sandcrawler. Luke and Ben walk among the smoldering rubble 
               and scattered bodies.

                                     LUKE
                         It looks like Sandpeople did this, 
                         all right. Look, here are Gaffi 
                         sticks, Bantha tracks. It's just... 
                         I never heard of them hitting anything 
                         this big before.

               Ben is crouching in the sand studying the tracks.

                                     BEN
                         They didn't. But we are meant to 
                         think they did. These tracks are 
                         side by side. Sandpeople always ride 
                         single file to hide there numbers.

                                     LUKE
                         These are the same Jawas that sold 
                         us Artoo and Threepio.

                                     BEN
                         And these blast points, too accurate 
                         for Sandpeople. Only Imperial 
                         stormtroopers are so precise.

                                     LUKE
                         Why would Imperial troops want to 
                         slaughter Jawas?

               Luke looks back at the speeder where Artoo and Threepio are 
               inspecting the dead Jawas, and put two and two together.

                                     LUKE
                         If they traced the robots here, they 
                         may have learned who they sold them 
                         to. And that would lead them home!

               Luke reaches a sudden horrible realization, then races for 
               the speeder and jumps it.

                                     BEN
                         Wait, Luke! It's too dangerous.

               Luke races off leaving Ben and the two robots alone with the 
               burning Sandcrawler.

               EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND

               Luke races across the wasteland in his battered Landspeeder.

               EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD

               The speeder roars up to the burning homestead. Luke jumps 
               out and runs to the smoking holes that were once his home. 
               Debris is scattered everywhere and it looks as if a great 
               battle has taken place.

                                     LUKE
                         Uncle Owen! Aunt Beru! Uncle Owen!

               Luke stumbles around in a daze looking for his aunt and uncle. 
               Suddenly he comes upon their smoldering remains. He is 
               stunned, and cannot speak. Hate replaces fear and a new 
               resolve comes over him.

               EXT. SPACE

               Imperial TIE fighter races toward the Death Star.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION CORRIDOR

               Two stormtroopers open an electronic cell door and allow 
               several Imperial guards to enter. Princess Leia's face is 
               filled with defiance, which slowly gives way to fear as a 
               giant black torture robot enters, followed by Darth Vader.

                                     VADER
                         And, now Your Highness, we will 
                         discuss the location of your hidden 
                         Rebel base.

               The torture robot gives off a steady beeping sound as it 
               approaches Princess Leia and extends one of its mechanical 
               arms bearing a large hypodermic needle. The door slides shut 
               and the long cell block hallway appears peaceful. The muffled 
               screams of the Rebel princess are barely heard.

               EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND

               There is a large bonfire of Jawa bodies blazing in front of 
               the Sandcrawler as Ben and the robots finish burning the 
               dead.  Luke drives up in the speeder and Ben walks over to 
               him.

                                     BEN
                         There's nothing you could have done, 
                         Luke, had you been there. You'd have 
                         been killed, too, and the droids 
                         would be in the hands of the Empire.

                                     LUKE
                         I want to come with you to Alderaan. 
                         There's nothing here for me now. I 
                         want to learn the ways of the Force 
                         and become a Jedi like my father.

               EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND

               The Landspeeder with Luke, Artoo, Threepio, and Ben in it 
               zooms across the desert. The speeder stops on a bluff 
               overlooking the spaceport at Mos Eisley. It is a haphazard 
               array of low, grey, concrete structures and semi-domes. A 
               harsh gale blows across the stark canyon floor. Luke adjusts 
               his goggles and walks to the edge of the craggy bluff where 
               Ben is standing.

                                     BEN
                         Mos Eisley Spaceport. You will never 
                         find a more wretched hive of scum 
                         and villainy. We must be cautious.

               Ben looks over at Luke, who gives the old Jedi a determined 
               smile.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

               The speeder is stopped on a crowded street by several combat-
               hardend stormtroopers who look over the two robots. A Trooper 
               questions Luke.

                                     TROOPER
                         How long have you had these droids?

                                     LUKE
                         About three or four seasons.

                                     BEN
                         They're for sale if you want them.

                                     TROOPER
                         Let me see your identification.

               Luke becomes very nervous as he fumbles to find his ID while 
               Ben speaks to the Trooper in a very controlled voice.

                                     BEN
                         You don't need to see his 
                         identification.

                                     TROOPER
                         We don't need to see his 
                         identification.

                                     BEN
                         These are not the droids your looking 
                         for.

                                     TROOPER
                         These are not the droids we're looking 
                         for.

                                     BEN
                         He can go about his business.

                                     TROOPER
                         You can go about your business.

                                     BEN
                              (to Luke)
                         Move along.

                                     TROOPER
                         Move along. Move along.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

               The speeder pulls up in front of a rundown blockhouse cantina 
               on the outskirts of the spaceport. Various strange forms of 
               transport, including several unusual beasts of burden, are 
               parked outside the bar. A Jawa runs up and begins to fondle 
               the speeder.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I can't abide these Jawas. Disgusting 
                         creatures.

               As Luke gets out of the speeder he tries to shoo the Jawa 
               away.

                                     LUKE
                         Go on, go on. I can't understand how 
                         we got by those troopers. I thought 
                         we were dead.

                                     BEN
                         The Force can have a strong influence 
                         on the weak-minded. You will find it 
                         a powerful ally.

                                     LUKE
                         Do you really think we're going to 
                         find a pilot here that'll take us to 
                         Alderaan?

                                     BEN
                         Well, most of the best freighter 
                         pilots can be found here. Only watch 
                         your step. This place can be a little 
                         rough.

                                     LUKE
                         I'm ready for anything.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Come along, Artoo.

               INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINA

               The young adventurer and his two mechanical servants follow 
               Ben Kenobi into the smoke-filled cantina. The murky, moldy 
               den is filled with a startling array of weird and exotic 
               alien creatures and monsters at the long metallic bar. At 
               first the sight is horrifying. One-eyed, thousand-eyed, slimy, 
               furry, scaly, tentacled, and clawed creatures huddle over 
               drinks. Ben moves to an empty spot at the bar near a group 
               of repulsive but human scum. A huge, rough-looking Bartender 
               stops Luke and the robots.

                                     BARTENDER
                         We don't serve their kind here!

               Luke still recovering from the shock of seeing so many 
               outlandish creatures, doesn't quite catch the bartender's 
               drift.

                                     LUKE
                         What?

                                     BARTENDER
                         Your droids. They'll have to wait 
                         outside. We don't want them here.

               Luke looks at old Ben, who is busy talking to one of the 
               Galactic pirates. He notices several of the gruesome creatures 
               along the bar are giving him a very unfriendly glare.

               Luke pats Threepio on the shoulder.

                                     LUKE
                         Listen, why don't you wait out by 
                         the speeder. We don't want any 
                         trouble.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I heartily agree with you sir.

               Threepio and his stubby partner go outside and most of the 
               creatures at the bar go back to their drinks.

               Ben is standing next to Chewbacca, an eight-foot-tall savage-
               looking creature resembling a huge grey bushbaby monkey with 
               fierce baboon-like fangs. His large blue eyes dominate a fur-
               covered face and soften his otherwise awesome appearance.  
               Over his matted, furry body he wears two chrome bandoliers, 
               and little else. He is a two-hundred-year-old Wookiee and a 
               sight to behold.

               Ben speaks to the Wookiee, pointing to Luke several times 
               during his conversation and the huge creature suddenly lets 
               out a horrifying laugh. Luke is more than a little bit 
               disconcerted and pretends not to hear the conversation between 
               Ben and the giant Wookiee.

               Luke is terrified but tries not to show it. He quietly sips 
               his drink, looking over the crowd for a more sympathetic ear 
               or whatever.

               A large, multiple-eyed Creature gives Luke a rough shove.

                                     CREATURE
                         Negola dewaghi wooldugger?!?

               The hideous freak is obviously drunk. Luke tries to ignore 
               the creature and turns back on his drink. A short, grubby 
               Human and an even smaller rodent-like beast join the 
               belligerent monstrosity.

                                     HUMAN
                         He doesn't like you.

                                     LUKE
                         I'm sorry.

                                     HUMAN
                         I don't like you either.

               The big creature is getting agitated and yells out some 
               unintelligible gibberish at the now rather nervous, young 
               adventurer.

                                     HUMAN
                         Don't insult us. You just watch 
                         yourself. We're wanted men. I have 
                         the death sentence in twelve systems.

                                     LUKE
                         I'll be careful than.

                                     HUMAN
                         You'll be dead.

               The rodent lets out a loud grunt and everything at the bar 
               moves away. Luke tries to remain cool but it isn't easy. His 
               three adversaries ready their weapons. Old Ben moves in behind 
               Luke.

                                     BEN
                         This little one isn't worth the 
                         effort. Come let me buy you 
                         something...

               A powerful blow from the unpleasant creature sends the young 
               would-be Jedi sailing across the room, crashing through tables 
               and breaking a large jug filled with a foul-looking liquid. 
               With a blood curdling shriek, the monster draws a wicked 
               chrome laser pistol from his belt and levels it at old Ben. 
               The bartender panics.

                                     BARTENDER
                         No blasters! No blaster!

               With astounding agility old Ben's laser sword sparks to life 
               and in a flash an arm lies on the floor. The rodent is cut 
               in two and the giant multiple-eyed creature lies doubled, 
               cut from chin to groin. Ben carefully and precisely turns 
               off his laser sword and replaces it on his utility belt. 
               Luke, shaking and totally amazed at the old man's abilities, 
               attempts to stand. The entire fight has lasted only a matter 
               of seconds. The cantina goes back to normal, although Ben is 
               given a respectable amount of room at the bar. Luke, rubbing 
               his bruised head, approaches the old man with new awe. Ben 
               points the the Wookiee.

                                     BEN
                         This is Chewbacca. He's first-mate 
                         on a ship that might suit our needs.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

               Threepio paces in front of the cantina as Artoo carries on 
               an electronic conversation with another little red astro-
               droid. A creature comes out of the cantina and approaches 
               two stormtroopers in the street.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I don't like the look of this.

               INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINA

               Strange creatures play exotic big band music on odd-looking 
               instruments as Luke, still giddy, downs a fresh drink and 
               follows Ben and Chewbacca to a booth where Han Solo is 
               sitting. Han is a tough, roguish starpilot about thirty years 
               old. A mercenary on a starship, he is simple, sentimental, 
               and cocksure.

                                     HAN
                         Han Solo. I'm captain of the 
                         Millennium Falcon. Chewie here tells 
                         me you're looking for passage to the 
                         Alderaan system.

                                     BEN
                         Yes, indeed. If it's a fast ship.

                                     HAN
                         Fast ship? You've never heard of the 
                         Millennium Falcon?

                                     BEN
                         Should I have?

                                     HAN
                         It's the ship that made the Kessel 
                         run in less than twelve parsecs!

               Ben reacts to Solo's stupid attempt to impress them with 
               obvious misinformation.

                                     HAN
                         I've outrun Imperial starships, not 
                         the local bulk-cruisers, mind you. 
                         I'm talking about the big Corellian 
                         ships now. She's fast enough for 
                         you, old man. What's the cargo?

                                     BEN
                         Only passengers. Myself, the boy, 
                         two droids, and no questions asked.

                                     HAN
                         What is it? Some kind of local 
                         trouble?

                                     BEN
                         Let's just say we'd like to avoid 
                         any Imperial entanglements.

                                     HAN
                         Well, that's the trick, isn't it? 
                         And it's going to cost you something 
                         extra. Ten thousand in advance.

                                     LUKE
                         Ten thousand? We could almost buy 
                         our own ship for that!

                                     HAN
                         But who's going to fly it, kid! You?

                                     LUKE
                         You bet I could. I'm not such a bad 
                         pilot myself! We don't have to sit 
                         here and listen...

                                     BEN
                         We haven't that much with us. But we 
                         could pay you two thousand now, plus 
                         fifteen when we reach Alderaan.

                                     HAN
                         Seventeen, huh!

               Han ponders this for a few moments.

                                     HAN
                         Okay. You guys got yourself a ship. 
                         We'll leave as soon as you're ready. 
                         Docking bay Ninety-four.

                                     BEN
                         Ninety-four.

                                     HAN
                         Looks like somebody's beginning to 
                         take an interest in your handiwork.

               Ben and Luke turn around to see four Imperial stormtroopers 
               looking at the dead bodies and asking the bartenders some 
               questions. The bartender points to the booth.

                                     TROOPER
                         All right, we'll check it out.

               The stormtroopers look over at the booth but Luke and Ben 
               are gone. The bartender shrugs his shoulders in puzzlement.

                                     HAN
                         Seventeen thousand! Those guys must 
                         really be desperate. This could really 
                         save my neck. Get back to the ship 
                         and get her ready.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

                                     BEN
                         You'll have to sell your speeder.

                                     LUKE
                         That's okay. I'm never coming back 
                         to this planet again.

               INT. MOS EISLEY - CANTINA

               As Han is about to leave, Greedo, a slimy green-faced alien 
               with a short trunk-nose, pokes a gun in his side. The creature 
               speaks in a foreign tongue translated into English subtitles.

                                     GREEDO
                         Going somewhere, Solo?

                                     HAN
                         Yes, Greedo. As a matter of fact, I 
                         was just going to see your boss. 
                         Tell Jabba that I've got his money.

               Han sits down and the alien sits across from him holding the 
               gun on him.

                                     GREEDO
                         It's too late. You should have paid 
                         him when you had the chance. Jabba's 
                         put a price on your head, so large 
                         that every bounty hunter in the galaxy 
                         will be looking for you. I'm lucky I 
                         found you first.

                                     HAN
                         Yeah, but this time I got the money.

                                     GREEDO
                         If you give it to me, I might forget 
                         I found you.

                                     HAN
                         I don't have it with me. Tell Jabba...

                                     GREEDO
                         Jabba's through with you. He has no 
                         time for smugglers who drop their 
                         shipments at the first sign of an 
                         Imperial cruiser.

                                     HAN
                         Even I get boarded sometimes. Do you 
                         think I had a choice?

               Han Solo slowly reaches for his gun under the table.

                                     GREEDO
                         You can tell that to Jabba. He may 
                         only take your ship.

                                     HAN
                         Over my dead body.

                                     GREEDO
                         That's the idea. I've been looking 
                         forward to killing you for a long 
                         time.

                                     HAN
                         Yes, I'll bet you have.

               Suddenly the slimy alien disappears in a blinding flash of 
               light. Han pulls his smoking gun from beneath the table as 
               the other patron look on in bemused amazement. Han gets up 
               and starts out of the cantina, flipping the bartender some 
               coins as he leaves.

                                     HAN
                         Sorry about the mess.

               EXT. SPACE

               Several TIE fighters approach the Death Star.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

                                     VADER
                         Her resistance to the mind probe is 
                         considerable. It will be some time 
                         before we can extract any information 
                         from her.

               An Imperial Officer interrupts the meeting.

                                     IMPERIAL OFFICER
                         The final check-out is complete. All 
                         systems are operational. What course 
                         shall we set?

                                     TARKIN
                         Perhaps she would respond to an 
                         alternative form of persuasion.

                                     VADER
                         What do you mean?

                                     TARKIN
                         I think it is time we demonstrate 
                         the full power of this station.
                              (to soldier)
                         Set your course for Princess Leia's 
                         home planet of Alderaan.

                                     TROOPER
                         With pleasure.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

               Four heavily-armed stormtroopers move menacingly along a 
               narrow slum alleyway crowed with darkly clad creatures hawking 
               exotic goods in the dingy little stalls. Men, monsters, and 
               robots crouch in the waste-filled doorways, whispering and 
               hiding from the hot winds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Lock the door, Artoo.

               One of the troopers checks a tightly locked door and moves 
               on down the alleyway. The door slides open a crack and 
               Threepio peeks out. Artoo is barely visible in the background.

                                     TROOPER
                         All right, check that side of the 
                         street. It's secure. Move on to the 
                         next door.

               The door opens, Threepio moves into the doorway.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I would much rather have gone with 
                         Master Luke than stay here with you. 
                         I don't know what all the trouble is 
                         about, but I'm sure it must be your 
                         fault.

               Artoo makes beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         You watch your language!

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET - ALLEYWAY - USED 
               SPEEDER LOT

               Ben and Luke are standing in a sleazy used speeder lot, 
               talking with a tall, grotesque, insect-like used speeder 
               dealer. Strange exotic bodies and spindly-legged beasts pass 
               by as the insect concludes the sale by giving Luke some coins.

                                     LUKE
                         He says it's the best he can do. 
                         Since the XP-38 came out, they're 
                         just not in demand.

                                     BEN
                         It will be enough.

               Ben and Luke leave the speeder lot and walk down the dusty 
               alleyway past a small robot herding a bunch of anteater-like 
               creatures. Luke turns and gives one last forlorn look at his 
               faithful speeder as he rounds a corner. A darkly clad creature 
               moves out of the shadows as they pass and watches them as 
               they disappear down another alley.

                                     BEN
                         If the ship's as fast as he's 
                         boasting, we ought to do well.

               INT. DOCKING BAY 94 - DAY

               Jabba the Hut and a half-dozen grisly alien pirates and purple 
               creatures stand in the middle of the docking bay. Jabba is 
               the grossest of the slavering hulks and his scarred face is 
               a grim testimonial to his prowess as a vicious killer. He is 
               a fat, slug-like creature with eyes on extended feelers and 
               a huge ugly mouth.

                                     JABBA
                         Come on out, Solo!

               A voice from directly behind the pirates startles them and 
               they turn around to see Han Solo and the giant Wookiee, 
               Chewbacca, standing behind them with no weapons in sight.

                                     HAN
                         I've been waiting for you, Jabba.

                                     JABBA
                         I expected you would be.

                                     HAN
                         I'm not the type to run.

                                     JABBA
                              (fatherly-smooth)
                         Han, my boy, there are times when 
                         you disappoint me... why haven't you 
                         paid me? And why did you have to fry 
                         poor Greedo like that... after all 
                         we've been through together.

                                     HAN
                         You sent Greedo to blast me.

                                     JABBA
                              (mock surprise)
                         Han, why you're the best smuggler in 
                         the business. You're too valuable to 
                         fry. He was only relaying my concern 
                         at your delays. He wasn't going to 
                         blast you.

                                     HAN
                         I think he thought he was. Next time 
                         don't send one of those twerps. If 
                         you've got something to say to me, 
                         come see me yourself.

                                     JABBA
                         Han, Han! If only you hadn't had to 
                         dump that shipment of spice... you 
                         understand I just can't make an 
                         exception. Where would I be if every 
                         pilot who smuggled for me dumped 
                         their shipment at the first sign of 
                         an Imperial starship? It's not good 
                         business.

                                     HAN
                         You know, even I get boarded 
                         sometimes, Jabba. I had no choice, 
                         but I've got a charter now and I can 
                         pay you back, plus a little extra. I 
                         just need some more time.

                                     JABBA
                              (to his men)
                         Put your blasters away. Han, my boy, 
                         I'm only doing this because you're 
                         the best and I need you. So, for an 
                         extra, say twenty percent I'll give 
                         you a little more time... but this 
                         is it. If you disappoint me again, 
                         I'll put a price on your head so 
                         large you won't be able to go near a 
                         civilized system for the rest of 
                         your short life.

                                     HAN
                         Jabba, I'll pay you because it's my 
                         pleasure.

               EXT. DOCKING PORT ENTRY - ALLEYWAY

               Chewbacca waits restlessly at the entrance to Docking Bay 
               94.  Ben, Luke, and the robots make their way up the street.  
               Chewbacca jabbers excitedly and signals for them to hurry. 
               The darkly clad creature has followed them from the speeder 
               lot.  He stops in a nearby doorway and speaks into a small 
               transmitter.

               INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94

               Chewbacca leads the group into a giant dirt pit that is 
               Docking Bay 94. Resting in the middle of the huge hole is a 
               large, round, beat-up, pieced-together hunk of junk that 
               could only loosely be called a starship.

                                     LUKE
                         What a piece of junk.

               The tall figure of Han Solo comes down the boarding ramp.

                                     HAN
                         She'll make point five beyond the 
                         speed of light. She may not look 
                         like much, but she's got it where it 
                         counts, kid. I've added some special 
                         modifications myself.

               Luke scratches his head. It's obvious he isn't sure about 
               all this. Chewbacca rushes up the ramp and urges the others 
               to follow.

                                     HAN
                         We're a little rushed, so if you'll 
                         hurry aboard we'll get out of here.

               The group rushes up the gang plank, passing a grinning Han 
               Solo.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON

               Chewbacca settles into the pilot's chair and starts the mighty 
               engines of the starship.

               INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94

               Luke, Ben, Threepio, and Artoo move toward the Millennium 
               Falcon passing Solo.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Hello, sir.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

               Eight Imperial stormtroopers rush up to the darkly clad 
               creature.

                                     TROOPER
                         Which way?

               The darkly clad creature points to the door of the docking 
               bay.

                                     TROOPER
                         All right, men. Load your weapons!

               INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94]

               The troops hold their guns at the ready and charge down the 
               docking bay entrance.

                                     TROOPER
                         Stop that ship!

               Han Solo looks up and sees the Imperial stormtroopers rushing 
               into the docking bay. Several of the troopers fire at Han as 
               he ducks into the spaceship.

                                     TROOPER
                         Blast 'em!

               Han draws his laser pistol and pops off a couple of shots 
               which force the stormtroopers to dive for safety. The 
               pirateship engines whine as Han hits the release button that 
               slams the overhead entry shut.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON

                                     HAN
                         Chewie, get us out of here!

               The group straps in for take off.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh, my. I'd forgotten how much I 
                         hate space travel.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETS

               The half-dozen stormtroopers at a check point hear the general 
               alarm and look to the sky as the huge starship rises above 
               the dingy slum dwellings and quickly disappears into the 
               morning sky.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Han climbs into the pilot's chair next to Chewbacca, who 
               chatters away as he points to something on the radar scope.

               EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE

               The Corellian pirateship zooms from Tatooine into space.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Han frantically types information into the ship's computer.  
               Little Artoo appears momentarily at the cockpit doorway, 
               makes a few beeping remarks, then scurries away.

                                     HAN
                         It looks like an Imperial cruiser. 
                         Our passengers must be hotter than I 
                         thought. Try and hold them off. Angle 
                         the deflector shield while I make 
                         the calculations for the jump to 
                         light speed.

               EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE

               The Millennium Falcon pirateship races away from the yellow 
               planet, Tatooine. It is followed by two huge Imperial 
               stardestroyers.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Over the shoulders of Chewbacca and Han, we can see the galaxy 
               spread before them. Luke and Ben make their way into the 
               cramped cockpit where Han continues his calculation.

                                     HAN
                         Stay sharp! There are two more coming 
                         in; they're going to try to cut us 
                         off.

                                     LUKE
                         Why don't you outrun them? I thought 
                         you said this thing was fast.

                                     HAN
                         Watch your mouth, kid, or you're 
                         going to find yourself floating home. 
                         We'll be safe enough once we make 
                         the jump to hyperspace. Besides, I 
                         know a few maneuvers. We'll lose 
                         them!

               EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE

               Imperial cruisers fire at the pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               The ship shudders as an explosion flashes outside the window.

                                     HAN
                         Here's where the fun begins!

                                     BEN
                         How long before you can make the 
                         jump to light speed?

                                     HAN
                         It'll take a few moments to get the 
                         coordinates from the navi-computer.

               The ship begins to rock violently as lasers hit it.

                                     LUKE
                         Are you kidding? At the rate they're 
                         gaining...

                                     HAN
                         Traveling through hyperspace isn't 
                         like dusting crops, boy! Without 
                         precise calculations we could fly 
                         right through a star or bounce too 
                         close to a supernova and that'd end 
                         your trip real quick, wouldn't it?

               The ship is now constantly battered with laserfire as a red 
               warning light begins to flash.

                                     LUKE
                         What's that flashing?

                                     HAN
                         We're losing our deflector shield. 
                         Go strap yourself in, I'm going to 
                         make the jump to light speed.

               The galaxy brightens and they move faster, almost as if 
               crashing a barrier. Stars become streaks as the pirateship 
               makes the jump to hyperspace.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Millennium Falcon zooms into infinity in less than a 
               second.

               EXT. DEATH STAR

               Alderaan looms behind the Death Star battlestation.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Admiral Motti enters the quiet control room and bows before 
               Governor Tarkin, who stands before the huge wall screen 
               displaying a small green planet.

                                     MOTTI
                         We've entered the Alderaan system.

               Vader and two stormtroopers enter with Princess Leia. Her 
               hands are bound.

                                     LEIA
                         Governor Tarkin, I should have 
                         expected to find you holding Vader's 
                         leash. I recognized your foul stench 
                         when I was brought on board.

                                     TARKIN
                         Charming to the last. You don't know 
                         how hard I found it signing the order 
                         to terminate your life!

                                     LEIA
                         I surprised you had the courage to 
                         take the responsibility yourself!

                                     TARKIN
                         Princess Leia, before your execution 
                         I would like you to be my guest at a 
                         ceremony that will make this battle 
                         station operational. No star system 
                         will dare oppose the Emperor now.

                                     LEIA
                         The more you tighten your grip, 
                         Tarkin, the more star systems will 
                         slip through your fingers.

                                     TARKIN
                         Not after we demonstrate the power 
                         of this station. In a way, you have 
                         determined the choice of the planet 
                         that'll be destroyed first. Since 
                         you are reluctant to provide us with 
                         the location of the Rebel base, I 
                         have chosen to test this station's 
                         destructive power... on your home 
                         planet of Alderaan.

                                     LEIA
                         No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no 
                         weapons. You can't possibly...

                                     TARKIN
                         You would prefer another target? A 
                         military target? Then name the system!

               Tarkin waves menacingly toward Leia.

                                     TARKIN
                         I grow tired of asking this. So it'll 
                         be the last time. Where is the Rebel 
                         base?

               Leia overhears an intercom voice announcing the approach to 
               Alderaan.

                                     LEIA
                              (softly)
                         Dantooine.

               Leia lowers her head.

                                     LEIA
                         They're on Dantooine.

                                     TARKIN
                         There. You see Lord Vader, she can 
                         be reasonable.
                              (addressing Motti)
                         Continue with the operation. You may 
                         fire when ready.

                                     LEIA
                         What?

                                     TARKIN
                         You're far too trusting. Dantooine 
                         is too remote to make an effective 
                         demonstration. But don't worry. We 
                         will deal with your Rebel friends 
                         soon enough.

                                     LEIA
                         No!

               INT. DEATH STAR - BLAST CHAMBER

                                     VADER
                         Commence primary ignition.

               A button is pressed which switches on a panel of lights. A 
               hooded Imperial soldier reaches overhead and pulls a lever.  
               Another lever is pulled. Vader reaches for still another 
               lever and a bank of lights on a panel and wall light up. A 
               huge beam of light emanates from within a cone-shaped area 
               and converges into a single laser beam out toward Alderaan. 
               The small green planet of Alderaan is blown into space dust.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA

               Ben watches Luke practice the lightsaber with a small "seeker" 
               robot. Ben suddenly turns away and sits down. He falters, 
               seems almost faint.

                                     LUKE
                         Are you all right? What's wrong?

                                     BEN
                         I felt a great disturbance in the 
                         Force... as if millions of voices 
                         suddenly cried out in terror and 
                         were suddenly silenced. I fear 
                         something terrible has happened.

               Ben rubs his forehead. He seems to drift into a trance. Then 
               he fixes his gaze on Luke.

                                     BEN
                         You'd better get on with your 
                         exercises.

               Han Solo enters the room.

                                     HAN
                         Well, you can forget your troubles 
                         with those Imperial slugs. I told 
                         you I'd outrun 'em.

               Luke is once again practicing with the lightsaber.

                                     HAN
                         Don't everyone thank me at once.

               Threepio watches Chewbacca and Artoo who are engrossed in a 
               game in which three-dimensional holographic figures move 
               along a chess-type board.

                                     HAN
                         Anyway, we should be at Alderaan 
                         about oh-two-hundred hours.

               Chewbacca and the two robots sit around the lighted table 
               covered with small holographic monsters. Each side of the 
               table has a small computer monitor embedded in it. Chewbacca 
               seems very pleased with himself as he rests his lanky fur- 
               covered arms over his head.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Now be careful, Artoo.

               Artoo immediately reaches up and taps the computer with his 
               stubby claw hand, causing one of the holographic creatures 
               to walk to the new square. A sudden frown crosses Chewbacca's 
               face and he begins yelling gibberish at the tiny robot. 
               Threepio intercedes on behalf of his small companion and 
               begins to argue with the huge Wookiee.

                                     THREEPIO
                         He made a fair move. Screaming about 
                         it won't help you.

                                     HAN
                              (interrupting)
                         Let him have it. It's not wise to 
                         upset a Wookiee.

                                     THREEPIO
                         But sir, nobody worries about 
                         upsetting a droid.

                                     HAN
                         That's 'cause droids don't pull 
                         people's arms out of their socket 
                         when they lose. Wookiees are known 
                         to do that.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I see your point, sir. I suggest a 
                         new strategy, Artoo. Let the Wookiee 
                         win.

               Luke stands in the middle of the small hold area; he seems 
               frozen in place. A humming lightsaber is held high over his 
               head. Ben watches him from the corner, studying his movements.  
               Han watches with a bit of smugness.

                                     BEN
                         Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force 
                         flowing through him.

                                     LUKE
                         You mean it controls your actions?

                                     BEN
                         Partially. But it also obeys your 
                         commands.

               Suspended at eye level, about ten feet in front of Luke, a 
               "seeker", a chrome baseball-like robot covered with antennae, 
               hovers slowly in a wide arc. The ball floats to one side of 
               the youth then the other. Suddenly it makes a lightning-swift 
               lunge and stops within a few feet of Luke's face. Luke doesn't 
               move and the ball backs off. It slowly moves behind the boy, 
               then makes another quick lunge, this time emitting a blood 
               red laser beam as it attacks. It hits Luke in the leg causing 
               him to tumble over. Han lets loose with a burst of laughter.

                                     HAN
                         Hokey religions and ancient weapons 
                         are no match for a good blaster at 
                         your side, kid.

                                     LUKE
                         You don't believe in the Force, do 
                         you?

                                     HAN
                         Kid, I've flown from one side of 
                         this galaxy to the other. I've seen 
                         a lot of strange stuff, but I've 
                         never seen anything to make me believe 
                         there's one all-powerful force 
                         controlling everything. There's no 
                         mystical energy field that controls 
                         my destiny.

               Ben smiles quietly.

                                     HAN
                         It's all a lot of simple tricks and 
                         nonsense.

                                     BEN
                         I suggest you try it again, Luke.

               Ben places a large helmet on Luke's head which covers his 
               eyes.

                                     BEN
                         This time, let go your conscious 
                         self and act on instinct.

                                     LUKE
                              (laughing)
                         With the blast shield down, I can't 
                         even see. How am I supposed to fight?

                                     BEN
                         Your eyes can deceive you. Don't 
                         trust them.

               Han skeptically shakes his head as Ben throws the seeker 
               into the air. The ball shoots straight up in the air, then 
               drops like a rock. Luke swings the lightsaber around blindly 
               missing the seeker, which fires off a laserbolt which hits 
               Luke square on the seat of the pants. He lets out a painful 
               yell and attempts to hit the seeker.

                                     BEN
                         Stretch out with your feelings.

               Luke stands in one place, seemingly frozen. The seeker makes 
               a dive at Luke and, incredibly, he managed to deflect the 
               bolt. The ball ceases fire and moves back to its original 
               position.

                                     BEN
                         You see, you can do it.

                                     HAN
                         I call it luck.

                                     BEN
                         In my experience, there's no such 
                         thing as luck.

                                     HAN
                         Look, going good against remotes is 
                         one thing. Going good against the 
                         living? That's something else.

               Solo notices a small light flashing on the far side of the 
               control panel.

                                     HAN
                         Looks like we're coming up on 
                         Alderaan.

               Han and Chewbacca head back to the cockpit.

                                     LUKE
                         You know, I did feel something. I 
                         could almost see the remote.

                                     BEN
                         That's good. You have taken your 
                         first step into a larger world.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM

               Imperial Officer Cass stands before Governor Tarkin and the 
               evil Dark Lord Darth Vader.

                                     TARKIN
                         Yes.

                                     OFFICER CASS
                         Our scout ships have reached 
                         Dantooine. They found the remains of 
                         a Rebel base, but they estimate that 
                         it has been deserted for some time. 
                         They are now conducting an extensive 
                         search of the surrounding systems.

                                     TARKIN
                         She lied! She lied to us!

                                     VADER
                         I told you she would never consciously 
                         betray the Rebellion.

                                     TARKIN
                         Terminate her... immediately!

               EXT. HYPERSPACE

               The pirateship is just coming out of hyperspace; a strange 
               surreal light show surrounds the ship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

                                     HAN
                         Stand by, Chewie, here we go. Cut in 
                         the sublight engines.

               Han pulls back on a control lever. Outside the cockpit window 
               stars begin streaking past, seem to decrease in speed, then 
               stop. Suddenly the starship begins to shudder and violently 
               shake about. Asteroids begin to race toward them, battering 
               the sides of the ship.

                                     HAN
                         What the...? Aw, we've come out of 
                         hyperspace into a meteor shower. 
                         Some kind of asteroid collision. 
                         It's not on any of the charts.

               The Wookiee flips off several controls and seems very cool 
               in the emergency. Luke makes his way into the bouncing 
               cockpit.

                                     LUKE
                         What's going on?

                                     HAN
                         Our position is correct, except... 
                         no, Alderaan!

                                     LUKE
                         What do you mean? Where is it?

                                     HAN
                         Thats what I'm trying to tell you, 
                         kid. It ain't there. It's been totally 
                         blown away.

                                     LUKE
                         What? How?

               Ben moves into the cockpit behind Luke as the ship begins to 
               settle down.

                                     BEN
                         Destroyed... by the Empire!

                                     HAN
                         The entire starfleet couldn't destroy 
                         the whole planet. It'd take a thousand 
                         ships with more fire power than 
                         I've...

               A signal starts flashing on the control panel and a muffled 
               alarm starts humming.

                                     HAN
                         There's another ship coming in.

                                     LUKE
                         Maybe they know what happened.

                                     BEN
                         It's an Imperial fighter.

               Chewbacca barks his concern. A huge explosion bursts outside 
               the cockpit window, shaking the ship violently. A tiny, finned 
               Imperial TIE fighter races past the cockpit window.

                                     LUKE
                         It followed us!

                                     BEN
                         No. It's a short range fighter.

                                     HAN
                         There aren't any bases around here. 
                         Where did it come from?

               EXT. SPACE

               The fighter races past the Corellian pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

                                     LUKE
                         It sure is leaving in a big hurry. 
                         If they identify us, we're in big 
                         trouble.

                                     HAN
                         Not if I can help it. Chewie...jam 
                         it's transmissions.

                                     BEN
                         It'd be as well to let it go. It's 
                         too far out of range.

                                     HAN
                         Not for long...

               EXT. SPACE

               The pirateship zooms over the camera and away into the 
               vastness of space after the Imperial TIE fighter.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               The tension mounts as the pirateship gains on the tiny 
               fighter. In the distance, one of the stars becomes brighter 
               until it is obvious that the TIE ship is heading for it. Ben 
               stands behind Chewbacca.

                                     BEN
                         A fighter that size couldn't get 
                         this deep into space on its own.

                                     LUKE
                         It must have gotten lost, been part 
                         of a convoy or something.

                                     HAN
                         Well, he ain't going to be around 
                         long enough to tell anyone about us.

               EXT. SPACE

               The TIE fighter is losing ground to the larger pirateship as 
               they race toward camera and disappear over head.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               The distant star can be distinguished as a small moon or 
               planet.

                                     LUKE
                         Look at him. He's headed for that 
                         small moon.

                                     HAN
                         I think I can get him before he gets 
                         there... he's almost in range.

               The small moon begins to take on the appearance of a monstrous 
               spherical battle station.

                                     BEN
                         That's no moon! It's a space station.

                                     HAN
                         It's too big to be a space station.

                                     LUKE
                         I have a very bad feeling about this.

                                     HAN
                         Yeah, I think your right. Full 
                         reverse! Chewie, lock in the auxiliary 
                         power.

               The pirateship shudders and the TIE fighter accelerates away 
               toward the gargantuan battle station.

                                     LUKE
                         Why are we still moving towards it?

                                     HAN
                         We're caught in a tractor beam! It's 
                         pulling us in!

                                     LUKE
                         But there's gotta be something you 
                         can do!

                                     HAN
                         There's nothin' I can do about it, 
                         kid. I'm in full power. I'm going to 
                         have to shut down. But they're not 
                         going to get me without a fight!

               Ben Kenobi puts a hand on his shoulder.

                                     BEN
                         You can't win. But there are 
                         alternatives to fighting.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DEATH STAR

               As the battered pirate starship is towed closer to the awesome 
               metal moon, the immense size of the massive battle station 
               becomes staggering. Running along the equator of the gigantic 
               sphere is a mile-high band of huge docking ports into which 
               the helpless pirateship is dragged.

               EXT. DEATH STAR - HUGE PORT DOORS

               The helpless Millennium Falcon is pulled past a docking port 
               control room and huge laser turret cannons.

               VOICE OVER DEATH STAR INTERCOM

               Clear Bay twenty-three-seven. We are opening the magnetic 
               field.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY 2037

               The pirateship is pulled in through port doors of the Death 
               Star, coming to rest in a huge hangar. Thirty stormtroopers 
               stand at attention in a central assembly area.

                                     OFFICER
                         To you stations!
                              (to another officer)
                         Come with me.

               INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY

               Stormtroopers run to their posts.

               INT. DEATH STAR - HANGAR 2037

               A line of stormtroopers march toward the pirateship in 
               readiness to board it, while other troopers stand with weapons 
               ready to fire.

                                     OFFICER
                         Close all outboard shields! Close 
                         all outboard shields!

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM

               Tarkin pushes a button and responds to the intercom buzz.

                                     TARKIN
                         Yes.

                                     VOICE
                              (over intercom)
                         We've captured a freighter entering 
                         the remains of the Alderaan system. 
                         It's markings match those of a ship 
                         that blasted its way out of Mos 
                         Eisley.

                                     VADER
                         They must be trying to return the 
                         stolen plans to the princess. She 
                         may yet be of some use to us.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY 2037

               Vader and a commander approach the troops as an Officer and 
               several heavily armed troops exit the spacecraft.

                                     VOICE
                              (over intercom)
                         Unlock one-five-seven and nine. 
                         Release charges.

                                     OFFICER
                              (to Vader)
                         There's no one on board, sir. 
                         According to the log, the crew 
                         abandoned ship right after takeoff. 
                         It must be a decoy, sir. Several of 
                         the escape pods have been jettisoned.

                                     VADER
                         Did you find any droids?

                                     OFFICER
                         No, sir. If there were any on board, 
                         they must also have jettisoned.

                                     VADER
                         Send a scanning crew on board. I 
                         want every part of this ship checked.

                                     OFFICER
                         Yes, sir.

                                     VADER
                         I sense something... a presence I 
                         haven't felt since...

               Vader turns quickly and exits the hangar.

                                     OFFICER
                         Get me a scanning crew in here on 
                         the double. I want every part of 
                         this ship checked!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HALLWAY

               A trooper runs through the hallway heading for the exit. In 
               a few moments all is quiet. The muffled sounds of a distant 
               officer giving orders finally fade. Two floor panels suddenly 
               pop up revealing Han Solo and Luke. Ben Kenobi sticks his 
               head out of a third locker.

                                     LUKE
                         Boy, it's lucky you had these 
                         compartments.

                                     HAN
                         I use them for smuggling. I never 
                         thought I'd be smuggling myself in 
                         them. This is ridiculous. Even if I 
                         could take off, I'd never get past 
                         the tractor beam.

                                     BEN
                         Leave that to me!

                                     HAN
                         Damn fool. I knew that you were going 
                         to say that!

                                     BEN
                         Who's the more foolish... the fool 
                         or the fool who follows him?

               Han shakes his head, muttering to himself. Chewbacca agrees.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY

               The crewmen carry a heavy box on board the ship, past the 
               two stormtroopers guarding either side of the ramp.

                                     TROOPER
                         The ship's all yours. If the scanners 
                         pick up anything, report it 
                         immediately. All right, let's go.

               The crewmen enter the pirateship and a loud crashing sound 
               is followed by a voice calling to the guard below.

                                     HAN'S VOICE
                         Hey down there, could you give us a 
                         hand with this?

               The stormtroopers enter the ship and a quick round of gunfire 
               is heard.

               INT. DEATH STAR - FORWARD BAY - COMMAND OFFICE

               In a very small command office near the entrance to the 
               pirateship, a Gantry Officer looks out his window and notices 
               the guards are missing. He speaks into the comlink.

                                     GANTRY OFFICER
                         TX-four-one-two. Why aren't you at 
                         your post? TX-four-one-two, do you 
                         copy?

               A stormtrooper comes down the ramp of the pirateship and 
               waves to the gantry officer, pointing to his ear indicating 
               his comlink is not working. The gantry officer shakes his 
               head in disgust and heads for the door, giving his aide an 
               annoyed look.

                                     GANTRY OFFICER
                         Take over. We've got a bad 
                         transmitter. I'll see what I can do.

               As the officer approaches the door, it slides open revealing 
               the towering Chewbacca. The gantry officer, in a momentary 
               state of shock, stumbles backward. With a bone- chilling 
               howl, the giant Wookiee flattens the officer with one blow. 
               The aide immediately reaches for his pistol, but is blasted 
               by Han, dressed as an Imperial stormtrooper. Ben and the 
               robots enter the room quickly followed by Luke, also dressed 
               as a stormtrooper. Luke quickly removes his helmet.

                                     LUKE
                         You know, between his howling and 
                         your blasting everything in sight, 
                         it's a wonder the whole station 
                         doesn't know we're here.

                                     HAN
                         Bring them on! I prefer a straight 
                         fight to all this sneaking around.

                                     THREEPIO
                         We found the computer outlet, sir.

               Ben feeds some information into the computer and a map of 
               the city appears on the monitor. He begins to inspect it 
               carefully. Threepio and Artoo look over the control panel.  
               Artoo finds something that makes him whistle wildly.

                                     BEN
                         Plug in. He should be able to 
                         interpret the entire Imperial computer 
                         network.

               Artoo punches his claw arm into the computer socket and the 
               vast Imperial brain network comes to life, feeding information 
               to the little robot. After a few moments, he beeps something.

                                     THREEPIO
                         He says he's found the main computer 
                         to power the tractor beam that's 
                         holding the ship here. He'll try to 
                         make the precise location appear on 
                         the monitor.

               The computer monitor flashes readouts.

                                     THREEPIO
                         The tractor beam is coupled to the 
                         main reactor in seven locations. A 
                         power loss at one of the terminals 
                         will allow the ship to leave.

               Ben studies the data on the monitor readout.

                                     BEN
                         I don't think you boys can help. I 
                         must go alone.

                                     HAN
                         Whatever you say. I've done more 
                         that I bargained for on this trip 
                         already.

                                     LUKE
                         I want to go with you.

                                     BEN
                         Be patient, Luke. Stay and watch 
                         over the droids.

                                     LUKE
                         But he can...

                                     BEN
                         They must be delivered safely or 
                         other star systems will suffer the 
                         same fate as Alderaan. Your destiny 
                         lies along a different path than 
                         mine. The Force will be with you... 
                         always!

               Ben adjusts the lightsaber on his belt and silently steps 
               out of the command office, then disappears down a long grey 
               hallway. Chewbacca barks a comment and Han shakes his head 
               in agreement.

                                     HAN
                         Boy you said it, Chewie.

               Han looks at Luke.

                                     HAN
                         Where did you dig up that old fossil?

                                     LUKE
                         Ben is a great man.

                                     HAN
                         Yeah, great at getting us into 
                         trouble.

                                     LUKE
                         I didn't hear you give any ideas...

                                     HAN
                         Well, anything would be better than 
                         just hanging around waiting for him 
                         to pick us up...

                                     LUKE
                         Who do you think...

               Suddenly Artoo begins to whistle and beep a blue streak.  
               Luke goes over to him.

                                     LUKE
                         What is it?

                                     THREEPIO
                         I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir. 
                         He says "I found her", and keeps 
                         repeating, "She's here."

                                     LUKE
                         Well, who... who has he found?

               Artoo whistles a frantic reply.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Princess Leia.

                                     LUKE
                         The princess? She's here?

                                     HAN
                         Princess? What's going on?

                                     THREEPIO
                         Level five. Detention block A A-twenty-
                         three. I'm afraid she's scheduled to 
                         be terminated.

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, no! We've got to do something.

                                     HAN
                         What are you talking about?

                                     LUKE
                         The droid belongs to her. She's the 
                         one in the message... We've got to 
                         help her.

                                     HAN
                         Now, look, don't get any funny ideas. 
                         The old man wants us to wait right 
                         here.

                                     LUKE
                         But he didn't know she was here. 
                         Look, will you just find a way back 
                         into the detention block?

                                     HAN
                         I'm not going anywhere.

                                     LUKE
                         They're going to execute her. Look, 
                         a few minutes ago you said you didn't 
                         want to just wait here to be captured. 
                         Now all you want to do is stay.

                                     HAN
                         Marching into the detention area is 
                         not what I had in mind.

                                     LUKE
                         But they're going to kill her!

                                     HAN
                         Better her than me...

                                     LUKE
                         She's rich.

               Chewbacca growls.

                                     HAN
                         Rich?

                                     LUKE
                         Yes. Rich, powerful! Listen, if you 
                         were to rescue her, the reward would 
                         be...

                                     HAN
                         What?

                                     LUKE
                         Well more wealth that you can imagine.

                                     HAN
                         I don't know, I can imagine quite a 
                         bit!

                                     LUKE
                         You'll get it!

                                     HAN
                         I better!

                                     LUKE
                         You will...

                                     HAN
                         All right, kid. But you'd better be 
                         right about this.

               Han looks at Chewie, who grunts a short grunt.

                                     LUKE
                         All right.

                                     HAN
                         What's your plan?

                                     LUKE
                         Uh... Threepio, hand me those binders 
                         there will you?

               Luke moves toward Chewbacca with electronic cuffs.

                                     LUKE
                         Okay. Now, I'm going to put these on 
                         you.

               Chewie lets out a hideous growl.

                                     LUKE
                         Okay. Han, you put these on.

               Luke sheepishly hands the binders to Han.

                                     HAN
                         Don't worry, Chewie. I think I know 
                         what he has in mind.

               The Wookiee has a worried and frightened look on his face as 
               Han binds him with the electronic cuffs.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Master Luke, sir! Pardon me for 
                         asking... but, ah... what should 
                         Artoo and I do if we're discovered 
                         here?

                                     LUKE
                         Lock the door!

                                     HAN
                         And hope they don't have blasters.

                                     THREEPIO
                         That isn't very reassuring.

               Luke and Han put on their armored stormtrooper helmets and 
               start off into the giant Imperial Death Star.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION AREA - ELEVATOR TUBE

               Han and Luke try to look inconspicuous in their armored suits 
               as they wait for a vacuum elevator to arrive. Troops, 
               bureaucrats, and robots bustle about, ignoring the trio 
               completely. Only a few give the giant Wookiee a curious 
               glance.

               Finally a small elevator arrives and the trio enters.

                                     LUKE
                         I can't see a thing in this helmet.

               A bureaucrat races to get aboard also, but is signaled away 
               by Han. The door to the pod-like vehicle slides closed and 
               the elevator car takes off through a vacuum tube.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN HALLWAY

               Several Imperial officers walk through the wide main 
               passageway. They pass several stormtroopers and a robot 
               similar to Threepio but with an insect face. At the far end 
               of the hallway, a passing flash of Ben Kenobi appears, then 
               disappears down a small hallway. His appearance is so fleeting 
               that it is hard to tell if he is real or just an illusion. 
               No one in the hallway seems to notice him.

               INT. DEATH STAR - INTERIOR ELEVATOR - DETENTION SECURITY 
               AREA

               Luke and Han step forward to exit the elevator, but the door 
               slides open behind them. The giant Wookiee and his two guards 
               enter the old grey security station. Guards and laser gates 
               are everywhere. Han whispers to Luke under his breath.

                                     HAN
                         This is not going to work.

                                     LUKE
                         Why didn't you say so before?

                                     HAN
                         I did say so before!

               INT. DETENTION AREA

               Elevator doors open. A tall, grim looking Officer approaches 
               the trio.

                                     OFFICER
                         Where are you taking this... thing?

               Chewie growls a bit at the remark but Han nudges him to shut 
               up.

                                     LUKE
                         Prisoner transfer from Block one-one-
                         three-eight.

                                     OFFICER
                         I wasn't notified. I'll have to clear 
                         it.

               The officer goes back to his console and begins to punch in 
               the information. There are only three other troopers in the 
               area. Luke and Han survey the situation, checking all of the 
               alarms, laser gates, and camera eyes. Han unfastens one of 
               Chewbacca's electronic cuffs and shrugs to Luke.

               Suddenly Chewbacca throws up his hands and lets out with one 
               of his ear-piercing howls. He grabs Han's laser rifle.

                                     HAN
                         Look out! He's loose!

                                     LUKE
                         He's going to pull us all apart.

                                     HAN
                         Go get him!

               The startled guards are momentarily dumbfounded. Luke and 
               Han have already pulled out their laser pistols and are 
               blasting away at the terrifying Wookiee. Their barrage of 
               laserfire misses Chewbacca, but hits the camera eyes, laser 
               gate controls, and the Imperial guards. The officer is the 
               last of the guards to fall under the laserfire just as he is 
               about to push the alarm system. Han rushes to the comlink 
               system, which is screeching questions about what is going 
               on.  He quickly checks the computer readout.

                                     HAN
                         We've got to find out which cell 
                         this princess of yours is in. Here 
                         it is... cell twenty-one-eight-seven. 
                         You go get her. I'll hold them here.

               Luke races down one of the cell corridors. Han speaks into 
               the buzzing comlink.

                                     HAN
                              (sounding official)
                         Everything is under control. Situation 
                         normal.

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         What happened?

                                     HAN
                              (getting nervous)
                         Uh... had a slight weapons 
                         malfunction. But, uh, everything's 
                         perfectly all right now. We're fine. 
                         We're all fine here, now, thank you. 
                         How are you?

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         We're sending a squad up.

                                     HAN
                         Uh, uh, negative. We had a reactor 
                         leak here now. Give us a few minutes 
                         to lock it down. Large leak... very 
                         dangerous.

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         Who is this? What's your operating 
                         number?

               Han blasts the comlink and it explodes.

                                     HAN
                         Boring conversation anyway.
                              (yelling down the 
                              hall)
                         Luke! We're going to have company!

               INT. DEATH STAR - CELL ROW

               Luke stops in front of one of the cells and blasts the door 
               away with a laser pistol. When the smoke clears, Luke sees 
               the dazzling young princess-senator. She had been sleeping 
               and is now looking at him with an uncomprehending look on 
               her face. Luke is stunned by her incredible beauty and stands 
               staring at her with his mouth hanging open.

                                     LEIA
                              (finally)
                         Aren't you a little short to be a 
                         stormtrooper?

               Luke takes off his helmet, coming out of it.

                                     LUKE
                         What? Oh... the uniform. I'm Luke 
                         Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you.

                                     LEIA
                         You're who?

                                     LUKE
                         I'm here to rescue you. I've got 
                         your R2 unit. I'm here with Ben 
                         Kenobi.

                                     LEIA
                         Ben Kenobi is here! Where is he?

                                     LUKE
                         Come on!

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM

               Darth Vader paces the room as Governor Tarkin sits at the 
               far end of the conference table.

                                     VADER
                         He is here...

                                     TARKIN
                         Obi-Wan Kenobi! What makes you think 
                         so?

                                     VADER
                         A tremor in the Force. The last time 
                         I felt it was in the presence of my 
                         old master.

                                     TARKIN
                         Surely he must be dead by now.

                                     VADER
                         Don't underestimate the power of the 
                         Force.

                                     TARKIN
                         The Jedi are extinct, their fire has 
                         gone out of the universe. You, my 
                         friend, are all that's left of their 
                         religion.

               There is a quiet buzz on the comlink.

                                     TARKIN
                         Yes.

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         Governor Tarkin, we have an emergency 
                         alert in detention block A A-twenty-
                         three.

                                     TARKIN
                         The princess! Put all sections on 
                         alert!

                                     VADER
                         Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with 
                         him.

                                     TARKIN
                         If you're right, he must not be 
                         allowed to escape.

                                     VADER
                         Escape is not his plan. I must face 
                         him alone.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION AREA - HALLWAY

               An ominous buzzing sound is heard on the other side of the 
               elevator door.

                                     HAN
                         Chewie!

               Chewbacca responds with a growling noise.

                                     HAN
                         Get behind me! Get behind me!

               A series of explosions knock a hole in the elevator door 
               through which several Imperial troops begin to emerge.

               Han and Chewie fire laser pistols at them through the smoke 
               and flame. They turn and run down the cell hallway, meeting 
               up with Luke and Leia rushing toward them.

                                     HAN
                         Can't get out that way.

                                     LEIA
                         Looks like you managed to cut off 
                         our only escape route.

                                     HAN
                              (sarcastically)
                         Maybe you'd like it back in your 
                         cell, Your Highness.

               Luke takes a small comlink transmitter from his belt as they 
               continue to exchange fire with stormtroopers making their 
               way down the corridor.

                                     LUKE
                         See-Threepio! See-Threepio!

                                     THREEPIO
                              (over comlink)
                         Yes sir?

                                     LUKE
                         We've been cut off! Are there any 
                         other ways out of the cell bay?... 
                         What was that? I didn't copy!

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN BAY GANTRY - CONTROL TOWER

               Threepio paces the control center as little Artoo beeps and 
               whistles a blue streak. Threepio yells into the small comlink 
               transmitter.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I said, all systems have been alerted 
                         to your presence, sir. The main 
                         entrance seems to be the only way in 
                         or out; all other information on 
                         your level is restricted.

               Someone begins banging on the door.

                                     TROOPER VOICE
                         Open up in there!

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh, no!

               INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION CORRIDOR

               Luke and Leia crouch together in an alcove for protection as 
               they continue to exchange fire with troops. Han and Chewbacca 
               are barely able to keep the stormtroopers at bay at the far 
               and of the hallway. The laserfire is very intense, and smoke 
               fills the narrow cell corridor.

                                     LUKE
                         There isn't any other way out.

                                     HAN
                         I can't hold them off forever! Now 
                         what?

                                     LEIA
                         This is some rescue. When you came 
                         in here, didn't you have a plan for 
                         getting out?

                                     HAN
                              (pointing to Luke)
                         He's the brains, sweetheart.

               Luke manages a sheepish grin and shrugs his shoulders.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, I didn't...

               The princess grabs Luke's gun and fires at a small grate in 
               the wall next to Han, almost frying him.

                                     HAN
                         What the hell are you doing?

                                     LEIA
                         Somebody has to save our skins. Into 
                         the garbage chute, wise guy.

               She jumps through the narrow opening as Han and Chewbacca 
               look on in amazement. Chewbacca sniffs the garbage chute and 
               says something.

                                     HAN
                         Get in there you big furry oaf! I 
                         don't care what you smell! Get in 
                         there and don't worry about it.

               Han gives him a kick and the Wookiee disappears into the 
               tiny opening. Luke and Han continue firing as they work their 
               way toward the opening.

                                     HAN
                         Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to 
                         kill her or I'm beginning to like 
                         her. Get in there!

               Luke ducks laserfire as he jumps into the darkness. Han fires 
               off a couple of quick blasts creating a smokey cover, then 
               slides into the chute himself and is gone.

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

               Han tumbles into the large room filled with garbage and muck.  
               Luke is already stumbling around looking for an exit. He 
               finds a small hatchway and struggles to get it open. It won't 
               budge.

                                     HAN
                              (sarcastically)
                         Oh! The garbage chute was a really 
                         wonderful idea. What an incredible 
                         smell you've discovered! Let's get 
                         out of here! Get away from there...

                                     LUKE
                         No! wait!

               Han draws his laser pistol and fires at the hatch. The 
               laserbolt ricochets wildly around the small metal room.  
               Everyone dives for cover in the garbage as the bolt explodes 
               almost on top of them. Leia climbs out of the garbage with a 
               rather grim look on her face.

                                     LUKE
                         Will you forget it? I already tried 
                         it. It's magnetically sealed!

                                     LEIA
                         Put that thing away! You're going to 
                         get us all killed.

                                     HAN
                         Absolutely, Your Worship. Look, I 
                         had everything under control until 
                         you led us down here. You know, it's 
                         not going to take them long to figure 
                         out what happened to us.

                                     LEIA
                         It could be worse...

               A loud, horrible, inhuman moan works its way up from the 
               murky depths. Chewbacca lets out a terrified howl and begins 
               to back away. Han and Luke stand fast with their laser pistols 
               drawn. The Wookiee is cowering near one of the walls.

                                     HAN
                         It's worse.

                                     LUKE
                         There's something alive in here!

                                     HAN
                         That's your imagination.

                                     LUKE
                         Something just moves past my leg! 
                         Look! Did you see that?

                                     HAN
                         What?

                                     LUKE
                         Help!

               Suddenly Luke is yanked under the garbage.

                                     HAN
                         Luke! Luke! Luke!

               Solo tries to get to Luke. Luke surfaces with a gasp of air 
               and thrashing of limbs. A membrane tentacle is wrapped around 
               his throat.

                                     LEIA
                         Luke!

               Leia extends a long pipe toward him.

                                     LEIA
                         Luke, Luke, grab a hold of this.

                                     LUKE
                         Blast it, will you! My gun's jammed.

                                     HAN
                         Where?

                                     LUKE
                         Anywhere! Oh!!

               Solo fires his gun downward. Luke is pulled back into the 
               muck by the slimy tentacle.

                                     HAN
                         Luke! Luke!

               Suddenly the walls of the garbage receptacle shudder and 
               move in a couple of inches. Then everything is deathly quiet.  
               Han and Leia give each other a worried look as Chewbacca 
               howls in the corner. With a rush of bubbles and muck Luke 
               suddenly bobs to the surface.

                                     LEIA
                         Grab him!

               Luke seems to be released by the thing.

                                     LEIA
                         What happened?

                                     LUKE
                         I don't know, it just let go of me 
                         and disappeared...

                                     HAN
                         I've got a very bad feeling about 
                         this.

               Before anyone can say anything the walls begin to rumble and 
               edge toward the Rebels.

                                     LUKE
                         The walls are moving!

                                     LEIA
                         Don't just stand there. Try to brace 
                         it with something.

               They place poles and long metal beams between the closing 
               walls, but they are simply snapped and bent as the giant 
               trashmasher rumbles on. The situation doesn't look too good.

                                     LUKE
                         Wait a minute!

               Luke pulls out his comlink.

                                     LUKE
                         Threepio! Come in Threepio! Threepio! 
                         Where could he be?

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN GANTRY - COMMAND OFFICE

               A soft buzzer and the muted voice of Luke calling out for 
               See-Threepio can be heard on Threepio's hand comlink, which 
               is sitting on the deserted computer console. Artoo and 
               Threepio are nowhere in sight. Suddenly there is a great 
               explosion and the door of the control tower flies across the 
               floor. Four armed stormtroopers enter the chamber.

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         Take over!
                              (pointing to the dead 
                              officer)
                         See to him! Look there!

               A trooper pushes a button and the supply cabinet door slides 
               open. See-Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are inside. Artoo follows 
               his bronze companion out into the office.

                                     THREEPIO
                         They're madmen! They're heading for 
                         the prison level. If you hurry, you 
                         might catch them.

                                     FIRST OFFICER
                              (to his troops)
                         Follow me! You stand guard.

               The troops hustle off down the hallway, leaving a guard to 
               watch over the command office.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (to Artoo)
                         Come on!

               The guard aims a blaster at them.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh! All this excitement has overrun 
                         the circuits of my counterpart here. 
                         If you don't mind, I'd like to take 
                         him down to maintenance.

                                     TROOPER
                         All right.

               The guard nods and Threepio, with little Artoo in tow, hurries 
               out the door.

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

               As the walls rumble closed, the room gets smaller and smaller.  
               Chewie is whining and trying to hold a wall back with his 
               giant paws.

               Han is leaning back against the other wall. Garbage is 
               snapping and popping. Luke is trying to reach Threepio.

                                     LUKE
                         Threepio! Come in, Threepio! Threepio!

               Han and Leia try to brace the contracting walls with a pole. 
               Leia begins to sink into the trash.

                                     HAN
                         Get to the top!

                                     LEIA
                         I can't

                                     LUKE
                         Where could he be? Threepio! Threepio, 
                         will you come in?

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

                                     THREEPIO
                         They aren't here! Something must 
                         have happened to them. See if they've 
                         been captured.

               Little Artoo carefully plugs his claw arm into a new wall 
               socket and a complex array of electronic sounds spew from 
               the tiny robot.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Hurry!

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

               The walls are only feet apart. Leia and Han are braced against 
               the walls. The princess is frightened. They look at each 
               other. Leia reaches out and takes Han's hand and she holds 
               it tightly. She's terrified and suddenly groans as she feels 
               the first crushing pressure against her body.

                                     HAN
                         One thing's for sure. We're all going 
                         to be a lot thinner!
                              (to Leia)
                         Get on top of it!

                                     LEIA
                         I'm trying!

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

                                     THREEPIO
                              (to Artoo)
                         Thank goodness, they haven't found 
                         them! Where could they be?

               Artoo frantically beeps something to See-Threepio.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Use the comlink? Oh, my! I forgot I 
                         turned it off!

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

               Meanwhile, Luke is lying on his side, trying to keep his 
               head above the rising ooze. Luke's comlink begins to buzz 
               and he rips it off his belt.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

               Muffled sounds of Luke's voice over the comlink can be heard, 
               but not distinctly.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Are you there, sir?

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

                                     LUKE
                         Threepio!

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

                                     THREEPIO
                         We've had some problems...

                                     LUKE
                              (over comlink)
                         Will you shut up and listen to me? 
                         Shut down all garbage mashers on the 
                         detention level, will you? Do you 
                         copy?

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

                                     LUKE
                         Shut down all the garbage mashers on 
                         the detention level.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

                                     LUKE
                              (over comlink)
                         Shut down all the garbage mashers on 
                         the detention level.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (to Artoo)
                         No. Shut them all down! Hurry!

               Threepio holds his head in agony as he hears the incredible 
               screaming and hollering from Luke's comlink.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Listen to them! They're dying, Artoo! 
                         Curse my metal body! I wasn't fast 
                         enough. It's all my fault! My poor 
                         master!

                                     LUKE
                              (over comlink)
                         Threepio, we're all right!

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

               The screaming and hollering is the sound of joyous relief. 
               The walls have stopped moving. Han, Chewie and Leia embrace 
               in the background.

                                     LUKE
                         We're all right. You did great.

               Luke moves to the pressure sensitive hatch, looking for a 
               number.

                                     LUKE
                         Hey... hey, open the pressure 
                         maintenance hatch on unit number... 
                         where are we?

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

                                     HAN
                              (over comlink)
                         Three-two-six-eight-two-seven.

               INT. DEATH STAR - TRACTOR BEAM - POWER GENERATOR TRENCH

               Ben enters a humming service trench that powers the huge 
               tractor beam. The trench seems to be a hundred miles deep. 
               The clacking sound of huge switching devices can be heard. 
               The old Jedi edges his his way along a narrow ledge leading 
               to a control panel that connects two large cables. He 
               carefully makes several adjustments in the computer terminal, 
               and several lights on the board go from red to blue.

               INT. DEATH STAR - UNUSED HALLWAY

               The group exits the garbage room into a dusty, unused hallway.  
               Han and Luke remove the trooper suits and strap on the blaster 
               belts.

                                     HAN
                         If we can just avoid any more female 
                         advice, we ought to be able to get 
                         out of here.

               Luke smiles and scratches his head as he takes a blaster 
               from Solo.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, let's get moving!

               Chewie begins growling and points to the hatch to the garbage 
               room, as he runs away and then stops howling.

                                     HAN
                              (to Chewie)
                         Where are you going?

               The Dia Nogu bangs against the hatch and a long, slimy 
               tentacle works its way out of the doorway searching for a 
               victim. Han aims his pistol.

                                     LEIA
                         No, wait. They'll hear!

               Han fires at the doorway. The noise of the blast echoes 
               relentlessly throughout the empty passageway. Luke simply 
               shakes his head in disgust.

                                     HAN
                              (to Chewie)
                         Come here, you big coward!

               Chewie shakes his head "no."

                                     HAN
                         Chewie! Come here!

                                     LEIA
                         Listen. I don't know who you are, or 
                         where you came from, but from now 
                         on, you do as I tell you. Okay?

               Han is stunned at the command of the petite young girl.

                                     HAN
                         Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get 
                         one thing straight! I take orders 
                         from one person! Me!

                                     LEIA
                         It's a wonder you're still alive.
                              (looking at Chewie)
                         Will somebody get this big walking 
                         carpet out of my way?

               Han watches her start away. He looks at Luke.

                                     HAN
                         No reward is worth this.

               They follow her, moving swiftly down the deserted corridor.

               INT. DEATH STAR - POWER TRENCH

               Suddenly a door behind Ben slides open and a detachment of 
               stormtroopers marches to the power trench. Ben instantly 
               slips into the shadows as an Officer moves to within a few 
               feet of him.

                                     OFFICER
                         Secure this area until the alert is 
                         canceled.

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         Give me regular reports.

               All but two of the stormtroopers leave.

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         Do you know what's going on?

                                     SECOND TROOPER
                         Maybe it's another drill.

               Ben moves around the tractor beam, watching the stormtroopers 
               as they turn their backs to him. Ben gestures with his hand 
               toward them, as the troops think they hear something in the 
               other hallway. With the help of the Force, Ben deftly slips 
               past the troopers and into the main hallway.

                                     SECOND TROOPER
                         What was that?

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         Oh, it's nothing. Don't worry about 
                         it.

               INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY

               Luke, Han, Chewbacca, and Leia run down an empty hallway and 
               stop before a bay window overlooking the pirateship. Troopers 
               are milling about the ship. Luke takes out his pocket comlink.

                                     HAN
                              (looking at his ship)
                         There she is.

                                     LUKE
                         See-Threepio, do you copy?

                                     THREEPIO
                              (voice)
                         For the moment. Uh, we're in the 
                         main hangar across from the ship.

                                     LUKE
                         We're right above you. Stand by.

               Han is watching the dozen or so troops moving in and out of 
               the pirateship. Leia moves towards Han, touches his arm and 
               points out the window to the ship.

                                     LEIA
                         You came in that thing? You're braver 
                         that I thought.

                                     HAN
                         Nice! Come on!

               Han gives her a dirty look, and they start off down the 
               hallway. They round a corner and run right into twenty 
               Imperial stormtroopers heading toward them. Both groups are 
               taken by surprise and stop in their tracks.

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         It's them! Blast them!

               Before even thinking, Han draws his laser pistol and charges 
               the troops, firing. His blaster knocks one of the 
               stormtroopers into the air. Chewie follows his captain down 
               the corridor, stepping over the fallen trooper on the floor.

                                     HAN
                              (to Luke and Leia)
                         Get back to the ship!

                                     LUKE
                         Where are you going? Come back!

               Han has already rounded a corner and does not hear.

                                     LEIA
                         He certainly has courage.

                                     LUKE
                         What good will it do us if he gets 
                         himself killed? Come on!

               Luke is furious but doesn't have time to think about it for 
               muted alarms begin to go off down on the hangar deck. Luke 
               and Leia start off toward the starship hangar.

               INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY

               Han chases the stormtroopers down a long subhallway. He is 
               yelling and brandishing his laser pistol. The troops reach a 
               dead end and are forced to turn and fight. Han stops a few 
               feet from them and assumes a defensive position. The troops 
               begin to raise their laser guns. Soon all ten troopers are 
               moving into an attack position in front of the lone 
               starpirate. Han's determined look begins to fade as the troops 
               begin to advance. Solo jumps backward as they fire at him.

               INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY

               Chewbacca runs down the subhallway in a last-ditch attempt 
               to save his bold captain. Suddenly he hears the firing of 
               laser guns and yelling. Around the corner shoots Han, pirate 
               extraordinaire, running for his life, followed by a host of 
               furious stormtroopers. Chewbacca turns and starts running 
               the other way also.

               INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY

               Luke fires his laser pistol wildly as he and Leia rush down 
               a narrow subhallway, chased by several stormtroopers. They 
               quickly reach the end of the subhallway and race through an 
               open hatchway.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CENTRAL CORE SHAFT

               Luke and Leia race through the hatch onto a narrow bridge 
               that spans a huge, deep shaft that seems to go into infinity. 
               The bridge has been retracted into the wall of the shaft, 
               and Luke almost rushes into the abyss. He loses his balance 
               off the end of the bridge as Leia, behind him, takes hold of 
               his arm and pulls him back.

                                     LUKE
                              (gasping)
                         I think we took a wrong turn.

               Blasts from the stormtroopers' laser guns explode nearby 
               reminding them of the oncoming danger. Luke fires back at 
               the advancing troops. Leia reaches over and hits a switch 
               that pops the hatch door shut with a resounding boom, leaving 
               them precariously perched on a short piece of bridge overhang.  
               Laserfire from the troopers continues to hit the steel door.

                                     LEIA
                         There's no lock!

               Luke blasts the controls with his laser pistol.

                                     LUKE
                         That oughta hold it for a while.

                                     LEIA
                         Quick, we've got to get across. Find 
                         the control that extends the bridge.

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, I think I just blasted it.

               Luke looks at the blasted bridge control while the 
               stormtroopers on the opposite side of the door begin making 
               ominous drilling and pounding sounds.

                                     LEIA
                         They're coming through!

               Luke notices something on his stormtrooper belt, when 
               laserfire hits the wall behind him. Luke aims his laser pistol 
               at a stormtrooper perched on a higher bridge overhang across 
               the abyss from them. They exchange fire. Two more troops 
               appear on another overhang, also firing. A trooper is hit, 
               and grabs at his chest.

               Another trooper standing on the bridge overhang is hit by 
               Luke's laserfire, and plummets down the shaft. Troopers move 
               back off the bridge; Luke hands the gun to Leia.

                                     LUKE
                         Here, hold this.

               Luke pulls a thin nylon cable from his trooper utility belt. 
               It has a grappler hook on it. A trooper appears on a bridge 
               overhang and fires at Luke and Leia. As Luke works with the 
               rope, Leia returns the laser volley. Another trooper appears 
               and fires at them, as Leia returns his fire as well.  
               Suddenly, the hatch door begins to open, revealing the feet 
               of more troops.

                                     LEIA
                         Here they come!

               Leia hits one of the stormtroopers on the bridge above, and 
               he falls into the abyss. Luke tosses the rope across the 
               gorge and it wraps itself around an outcropping of pipes. He 
               tugs on the rope to make sure it is secure, then grabs the 
               princess in his arms. Leia looks at Luke, then kisses him 
               quickly on the lips. Luke is very surprised.

                                     LEIA
                         For luck!

               Luke pushes off and they swing across the treacherous abyss 
               to the corresponding hatchway on the opposite side. Just as 
               Luke and Leia reach the far side of the canyon, the 
               stormtroopers break through the hatch and begin to fire at 
               the escaping duo. Luke returns the fire before ducking into 
               the tiny subhallway.

               INT. DEATH STAR - NARROW PASSAGEWAY

               Ben hides in the shadows of the narrow passageway as several 
               stormtroopers rush past him in the main hallway. He checks 
               to make sure they're gone, then runs down the hallway in the 
               opposite direction. Darth Vader appears at the far end of 
               the hallway and starts after the old Jedi.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY

               Threepio looks around at the troops milling about the 
               pirateship entry ramp.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Where could they be?

               Artoo, plugged into the computer socket, turns his dome left 
               and right, beeping a response.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR - BLAST SHIELDS DOOR

               Han and Chewbacca run down a long corridor with several 
               troopers hot on their trail.

                                     TROOPER
                         Close the blast doors!

               At the end of the hallway, blast doors begin to close in 
               front of them. The young starpilot and his furry companion 
               race past the huge doors just as they are closing, and manage 
               to get off a couple off laserblasts at the pursuing troops 
               before the doors slam shut.

                                     TROOPER
                         Open the blast doors! Open the blast 
                         doors!

               INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY LEADING TO MAIN FORWARD BAY

               Ben hurries along one of the tunnels leading to the hangar 
               where the pirateship waits. Just before he reaches the hangar, 
               Darth Vader steps into view at the end of the tunnel, not 
               ten feet away. Vader lights his saber. Ben also ignites his 
               and steps slowly forward.

                                     VADER
                         I've been waiting for you, Obi-Wan. 
                         We meet again, at last. The circle 
                         is now complete.

               Ben Kenobi moves with elegant ease into a classical offensive 
               position. The fearsome Dark Knight takes a defensive stance.

                                     VADER
                         When I left you, I was but the 
                         learner; now I am the master.

                                     BEN
                         Only a master of evil, Darth.

               The two Galactic warriors stand perfectly still for a few 
               moments, sizing each other up and waiting for the right 
               moment. Ben seems to be under increasing pressure and strain, 
               as if an invisible weight were being placed upon him. He 
               shakes his head and, blinking, tries to clear his eyes.

               Ben makes a sudden lunge at the huge warrior but is checked 
               by a lightning movement of The Sith. A masterful slash stroke 
               by Vader is blocked by the old Jedi. Another of the Jedi's 
               blows is blocked, then countered. Ben moves around the Dark 
               Lord and starts backing into the massive starship hangar. 
               The two powerful warriors stand motionless for a few moments 
               with laser swords locked in mid-air, creating a low buzzing 
               sound.

                                     VADER
                         Your powers are weak, old man.

                                     BEN
                         You can't win, Darth. If you strike 
                         me down, I shall become more powerful 
                         than you can possibly imagine.

               Their lightsabers continue to meet in combat.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY

               Han Solo and Chewbacca, their weapons in hand, lean back 
               against the wall surveying the forward bay, watching the 
               Imperial stormtroopers make their rounds of the hangar.

                                     HAN
                         Didn't we just leave this party?

               Chewbacca growls a reply, as Luke and the princess join them.

                                     HAN
                         What kept you?

                                     LEIA
                         We ran into some old friends.

                                     LUKE
                         Is the ship all right?

                                     HAN
                         Seems okay, if we can get to it. 
                         Just hope the old man got the tractor 
                         beam out of commission.

               INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY

               Vader and Ben Kenobi continue their powerful duel. As they 
               hit their lightsabers together, lightning flashes on impact. 
               Troopers look on in interest as the old Jedi and Dark Lord 
               of The Sith fight. Suddenly Luke spots the battle from his 
               group's vantage point.

                                     LUKE
                         Look!

               Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie look up and see Ben and Vader 
               emerging from the hallways on the far side of the docking 
               bay.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY

               Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are in the center of the Death Star's 
               Imperial docking bay.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Come on, Artoo, we're going!

               Threepio ducks out of sight as the seven stormtroopers who 
               were guarding the starship rush past them heading towards 
               Ben and The Sith Knight. He pulls on Artoo.

               INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY

               Solo, Chewie, Luke, and Leia tensely watch the duel. The 
               troops rush toward the battling knights.

                                     HAN
                         Now's our chance! Go!

               They start for the Millennium Falcon. Ben sees the troops 
               charging toward him and realizes that he is trapped. Vader 
               takes advantage of Ben's momentary distraction and brings 
               his mighty lightsaber down on the old man. Ben manages to 
               deflect the blow and swiftly turns around.

               The old Jedi Knight looks over his shoulder at Luke, lifts 
               his sword from Vader's then watches his opponent with a serene 
               look on his face.

               Vader brings his sword down, cutting old Ben in half. Ben's 
               cloak falls to the floor in two parts, but Ben is not in it.  
               Vader is puzzled at Ben's disappearance and pokes at the 
               empty cloak. As the guards are distracted, the adventurers 
               and the robots reach the starship. Luke sees Ben cut in two 
               and starts for him. Aghast, he yells out.

                                     LUKE
                         No!

               The stormtroopers turn toward Luke and begin firing at him.  
               The robots are already moving up the ramp into the Millennium 
               Falcon, while Luke, transfixed by anger and awe, returns 
               their fire. Solo joins in the laserfire. Vader looks up and 
               advances toward them, as one of his troopers is struck down.

                                     HAN
                              (to Luke)
                         Come on!

                                     LEIA
                         Come on! Luke, its too late!

                                     HAN
                         Blast the door! Kid!

               Luke fires his pistol at the door control panel, and it 
               explodes. The door begins to slide shut. Three troopers charge 
               forward firing laser bolts, as the door slides to a close 
               behind them, shutting Vader and the other troops out of the 
               docking bay. A stormtrooper lies dead at the feet of his 
               onrushing compatriots. Luke starts for the advancing troops, 
               as Solo and Leia move up the ramp into the pirateship. He 
               fires, hitting a stormtrooper, who crumbles to the floor.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Run, Luke! Run!

               Luke looks around to see where the voice came from. He turns 
               toward the pirateship, ducking Imperial gunfire from the 
               troopers and races into the ship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Han pulls back on the controls and the ship begins to move. 
               The dull thud of laser bolts bouncing off the outside of the 
               ship as Chewie adjusts his controls.

                                     HAN
                         I hope the old man got that tractor 
                         beam out if commission, or this is 
                         going to be a real short trip. Okay, 
                         hit it!

               Chewbacca growls in agreement.

               EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON

               The Millennium Falcon powers away from the Death Star docking 
               bay, makes a spectacular turn and disappears into the vastness 
               of space.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA

               Luke, saddened by the loss of Obi-Wan Kenobi, stares off 
               blankly as the robots look on. Leia puts a blanket around 
               him protectively, and Luke turns and looks up at her. She 
               sits down beside him.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Solo spots approaching enemy ships.

                                     HAN
                              (to Chewie)
                         We're coming up on the sentry ships. 
                         Hold 'em off! Angle the deflector 
                         shields while I charge up the main 
                         guns!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA

               Luke looks downward sadly, shaking his head back and forth, 
               as the princess smiles comfortingly at him.

                                     LUKE
                         I can't believe he's gone.

               Artoo-Detoo beeps a reply.

                                     LEIA
                         There wasn't anything you could have 
                         done.

               Han rushes into the hold area where Luke is sitting with the 
               princess.

                                     HAN
                              (to Luke)
                         Come on, buddy, we're not out of 
                         this yet!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT

               Solo climbs into his attack position in the topside gunport.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA

               Luke gets up and moves out toward the gunports as Leia heads 
               for the cockpit.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT

               Luke climbs down the ladder into the gunport cockpit, settling 
               into one of the two main laser cannons mounted in large 
               rotating turrets on either side of the ship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SOLO'S GUNPORT

               Han adjusts his headset as he sits before the controls of 
               his laser cannon, then speaks into the attached microphone.

                                     HAN
                              (to Luke)
                         You in, kid? Okay, stay sharp!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT

               Chewbacca and Princess Leia search the heavens for attacking 
               TIE fighters. The Wookiee pulls back on the speed controls 
               as the ship bounces slightly.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SOLO'S GUNPORT - COCKPIT

               Computer graphic readouts form on Solo's target screen, as 
               Han reaches for controls.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT - COCKPIT

               Luke sits in readiness for the attack, his hand on the laser 
               cannon's control button.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT.

               Chewbacca spots the enemy ships and barks.

                                     LEIA
                              (into intercom)
                         Here they come!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - POV (POINT OF VIEW) - 
               SPACE

               The Imperial TIE fighters move towards the Millennium Falcon, 
               one each veering off to the left and right of the pirateship.

               INT. TIE FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               The stars whip past behind the Imperial pilot as he adjusts 
               his maneuvering joy stick.

               EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - IN SPACE

               The TIE fighter races past the Falcon, firing laser beams as 
               it passes.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA

               Threepio is seated in the hold area, next to Artoo-Detoo. 
               The pirateship bounces and vibrates as the power goes out in 
               the room and then comes back on.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - GUNPORTS

               A TIE fighter maneuvers in front of Han, who follows it and 
               fires at it with the laser cannon. Luke does likewise, as 
               the fighter streaks into view. The ship has suffered a minor 
               hit, and bounces slightly.

               EXT. SPACE

               Two TIE fighters dive down toward the pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Luke fires at an unseen fighter.

                                     LUKE
                         They're coming in too fast!

               EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON/TIE FIGHTERS

               Pan with pirateship as two TIE fighters charge through the 
               background. Laserbolts streak from all the craft.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CHEWBACCA

               The ship shudders as a laserbolt hits very close to the 
               cockpit. The Wookiee chatters something to Leia.

               EXT. TIE FIGHTER - SPACE

               Full shot of a TIE fighter as it moves fast through the frame, 
               firing on the pirate starship.

               EXT. SPACE - TIE FIGHTERS

               The two TIE fighters fire a barrage of laserbeams at the 
               pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN PASSAGEWAY

               A laserbolt streaks into the side of the pirateship. The 
               ship lurches violently, throwing poor Threepio into a cabinet 
               fill of small computer chips.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oooh!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - GUNPORTS

               Leia watches the computer readout as Chewbacca manipulates 
               the ship's controls.

                                     LEIA
                         We've lost lateral controls.

                                     HAN
                         Don't worry, she'll hold together.

               An enemy laserbolt hits the pirateship's control panel, 
               causing it to blow out in a shower of sparks.

                                     HAN
                              (to ship)
                         You hear me, baby? Hold together!

               Artoo-Detoo advances toward the smoking sparking control 
               panel, dousing the inferno by spraying it with fire retardant 
               beeping all the while.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT

               Luke swivels in his gun mount, following the TIE fighter 
               with his laser cannon.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT

               Solo aims his laser cannon at the enemy fighter.

               EXT. SPACE

               A TIE fighter streaks in front of the starship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Leia watches the TIE fighter ship fly over.

               EXT. SPACE

               A TIE fighter heads right for the pirateship, then zooms 
               overhead.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Luke follows the TIE fighter across his field of view, firing 
               laserbeams from his cannon.

               EXT. TIE FIGHTER

               A TIE fighter dives past the pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Luke fires at a TIE fighter. At his port, Han follows a 
               fighter in his sights, releasing a blast of laserfire. He 
               connects, and the fighter explodes into fiery dust. Han laughs 
               victoriously.

               EXT. SPACE

               Two TIE fighters move toward and over the Millennium Falcon, 
               unleashing a barrage of laserbolts at the ship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Another TIE fighter moves in on the pirateship and Luke, 
               smiling, fires the laser cannon at it, scoring a spectacular 
               direct hit.

                                     LUKE
                         Got him! I got him!

               Han turns and gives Luke a victory wave which Luke gleefully 
               returns.

                                     HAN
                         Great kid! Don't get cocky.

               Han turns back to his laser cannon.

               EXT. SPACE

               Two more TIE fighters cross in front of the pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               While Chewbacca manipulates the controls, Leia turns, looking 
               over her shoulder out the ports.

                                     LEIA
                         There are still two more of them out 
                         there!

               EXT. SPACE

               A TIE fighter moves up over the pirateship, firing laserblasts 
               at it.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Luke and Han look into their respective projected target 
               screens. An Imperial fighter crosses Solo's port, and Han 
               swivels in his chair, following it with blasts from his laser 
               cannon. Another fighter crosses Luke's port, and he reacts 
               in a like manner, the glow of his target screen lighting his 
               face.

               EXT. SPACE

               The TIE fighter zooms toward the pirateship, firing 
               destructive blasts at it.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Luke fires a laserblast at the approaching enemy fighter, 
               and it bursts into a spectacular explosion. Luke's projected 
               screen gives a readout of the hit. The pirateship bounces 
               slightly as it is struck by the enemy fire.

               EXT. SPACE - TIE FIGHTER

               The last of the attacking Imperial TIE fighters looms in, 
               firing upon the Falcon.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT

               Solo swivels behind his cannon, his aim describing the arc 
               of the TIE fighter. The fighter comes closer, firing at the 
               pirateship, but a well-aimed blast from Solo's laser cannon 
               hits the attacker, which blows up in a small atomic shower 
               of burning fragments.

                                     LUKE
                              (laughing)
                         That's it! We did it!

               The princess jumps up and gives Chewie a congratulatory hug.

                                     LEIA
                         We did it!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - PASSAGEWAY

               Threepio lies on the floor of the ship, completely tangled 
               in the smoking, sparking wires.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Help! I think I'm melting!
                              (to Artoo)
                         This is all your fault.

               Artoo turns his dome from side to side, beeping in response.

               EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON

               The victorious Millennium Falcon moves off majestically 
               through space.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Darth Vader strides into the control room, where Tarkin is 
               watching the huge view screen. A sea of stars is before him.

                                     TARKIN
                         Are they away?

                                     VADER
                         They have just made the jump into 
                         hyperspace.

                                     TARKIN
                         You're sure the homing beacon is 
                         secure aboard their ship? I'm taking 
                         an awful risk, Vader. This had better 
                         work.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Han, removes his gloves and smiling, is at the controls of 
               the ship. Chewie moves into the aft section to check the 
               damage. Leia is seated near Han.

                                     HAN
                         Not a bad bit of rescuing, huh? You 
                         know, sometimes I even amaze myself.

                                     LEIA
                         That doesn't sound too hard. Besides, 
                         they let us go. It's the only 
                         explanation for the ease of our 
                         escape.

                                     HAN
                         Easy... you call that easy?

                                     LEIA
                         Their tracking us!

                                     HAN
                         Not this ship, sister.

               Frustrated, Leia shakes her head.

                                     LEIA
                         At least the information in Artoo is 
                         still intact.

                                     HAN
                         What's so important? What's he 
                         carrying?

                                     LEIA
                         The technical readouts of that battle 
                         station. I only hope that when the 
                         data is analyzed, a weakness can be 
                         found. It's not over yet!

                                     HAN
                         It is for me, sister! Look, I ain't 
                         in this for your revolution, and I'm 
                         not in it for you, Princess. I expect 
                         to be well paid. I'm in it for the 
                         money!

                                     LEIA
                         You needn't worry about your reward. 
                         If money is all that you love, then 
                         that's what you'll receive!

               She angrily turns, and as she starts out of the cockpit, 
               passes Luke coming in.

                                     LEIA
                         Your friend is quite a mercenary. I 
                         wonder if he really cares about 
                         anything... or anyone.

                                     LUKE
                         I care!

               Luke, shaking his head, sits in the copilot seat. He and Han 
               stare out at the vast blackness of space.

                                     LUKE
                         So... what do you think of her, Han?

                                     HAN
                         I'm trying not to, kid!

                                     LUKE
                              (under his breath)
                         Good...

                                     HAN
                         Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I 
                         don't know, what do you think? Do 
                         you think a princess and a guy like 
                         me...

                                     LUKE
                         No!

               Luke says it with finality and looks away. Han smiles at 
               young Luke's jealousy.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN

               The battered pirateship drifts into orbit around the planet 
               Yavin and proceeds to one of its tiny green moons.

               EXT. FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN

               The pirateship soars over the dense jungle.

               EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST

               An alert guard, his laser gun in hand, scans the countryside.  
               He sets the gun down and looks toward the temple, barely 
               visible in the foliage.

               EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLE TEMPLE

               Rotting in a forest of gargantuan trees, an ancient temple 
               lies shrouded in an eerie mist. The air is heavy with the 
               fantastic cries of unimaginable creatures. Han, Luke and the 
               others are greeted by the Rebel troops.

               Luke and the group ride into the massive temple on an armored 
               military speeder.

               INT. MASSASSI - MAIN HANGAR DECK

               The military speeder stops in a huge spaceship hangar, set 
               up in the interior of the crumbling temple. Willard, the 
               commander of the Rebel forces, rushes up to the group and 
               gives Leia a big hug. Every one is pleased to see her.

                                     WILLARD
                              (holding Leia)
                         You're safe! We had feared the worst.

               Willard composes himself, steps back and bows formally.

                                     WILLARD
                         When we heard about Alderaan, we 
                         were afraid that you were... lost 
                         along with your father.

                                     LEIA
                         We don't have time for our sorrows, 
                         Commander. The battle station has 
                         surely tracked us here.
                              (looking pointedly to 
                              Han)
                         It's the only explanation for the 
                         ease of our escape. You must use the 
                         information in this R2 unit to plan 
                         the attack. It is our only hope.

               EXT. SPACE

               The surface of the Death Star ominously approaches the red 
               planet Yavin.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Grand Moff Tarkin and Lord Vader are interrupted in their 
               discussion by the buzz of the comlink. Tarkin moves to answer 
               the call.

                                     TARKIN
                         Yes.

               DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE

               We are approaching the planet Yavin. The Rebel base is on a 
               moon on the far side. We are preparing to orbit the planet.

               EXT. YAVIN - JUNGLE

               A lone guard stands in a tower high above the Yavin landscape, 
               surveying the countryside. A mist hangs over the jungle of 
               twisted green.

               INT. MASSASSI - WAR ROOM BRIEFING AREA

               Dodonna stands before a large electronic wall display. Leia 
               and several other senators are to one side of the giant 
               readout. The low-ceilinged room is filled with starpilots, 
               navigators, and a sprinkling of R2-type robots. Everyone is 
               listening intently to what Dodonna is saying. Han and 
               Chewbacca are standing near the back.

                                     DODONNA
                         The battle station is heavily shielded 
                         and carries a firepower greater than 
                         half the star fleet. It's defenses 
                         are designed around a direct large-
                         scale assault. A small one-man fighter 
                         should be able to penetrate the outer 
                         defense.

               Gold Leader, a rough looking man in his early thirties, stands 
               and addresses Dodonna.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         Pardon me for asking, sir, but what 
                         good are snub fighters going to be 
                         against that?

                                     DODONNA
                         Well, the Empire doesn't consider a 
                         small one-man fighter to be any 
                         threat, or they'd have a tighter 
                         defense. An analysis of the plans 
                         provided by Princess Leia has 
                         demonstrated a weakness in the battle 
                         station.

               Artoo-Detoo stands next to a similar robot, makes beeping 
               sounds, and turns his head from right to left.

                                     DODONNA
                         The approach will not be easy. You 
                         are required to maneuver straight 
                         down this trench and skim the surface 
                         to this point. The target area is 
                         only two meters wide. It's a small 
                         thermal exhaust port, right below 
                         the main port. The shaft leads 
                         directly to the reactor system. A 
                         precise hit will start a chain 
                         reaction which should destroy the 
                         station.

               A murmer of disbelief runs through the room.

                                     DODONNA
                         Only a precise hit will set up a 
                         chain reaction. The shaft is ray-
                         shielded, so you'll have to use proton 
                         torpedoes.

               Luke is sitting next to Wedge Antilles, a hotshot pilot about 
               sixteen years old.

                                     WEDGE
                         That's impossible, even for a 
                         computer.

                                     LUKE
                         It's not impossible. I used to bull's-
                         eye womp rats in my T-sixteen back 
                         home. They're not much bigger than 
                         two meters.

                                     DODONNA
                         Man your ships! And may the Force be 
                         with you!

               The group rises and begins to leave.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Death Star begins to move around the planet toward the 
               tiny green moon.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Tarkin and Vader watch the computer projected screen with 
               interest, as a circle of lights intertwines around one another 
               on the screen showing it's position in relation to Yavin and 
               the forth moon.

               DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE

               Orbiting the planet at maximum velocity. The moon with the 
               Rebel base will be in range in thirty minutes.

                                     VADER
                         This will be a day long remembered. 
                         It has seen the end of Kenobi and it 
                         will soon see the end of the 
                         Rebellion.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR DECK

               Luke, Threepio and little Artoo enter the huge spaceship 
               hangar and hurry along a long line of gleaming spacefighters.  
               Flight crews rush around loading last-minute armaments and 
               unlocking power couplings. In an area isolated from this 
               activity Luke finds Han and Chewbacca loading small boxes 
               onto an armored speeder.

                                     MAN'S VOICE
                              (over loudspeaker)
                         All flight trooper, man your stations. 
                         All flight troops, man your stations.

               Han is deliberately ignoring the activity of the fighter 
               pilots' preparation. Luke is quite saddened at the sight of 
               his friend's departure.

                                     LUKE
                         So... you got your reward and you're 
                         just leaving then?

                                     HAN
                         That's right, yeah! I got some old 
                         debts I've got to pay off with this 
                         stuff. Even if I didn't, you don't 
                         think I'd be fool enough to stick 
                         around here, do you? Why don't you 
                         come with us? You're pretty good in 
                         a fight. I could use you.

                                     LUKE
                              (getting angry)
                         Come on! Why don't you take a look 
                         around? You know what's about to 
                         happen, what they're up against. 
                         They could use a good pilot like 
                         you. You're turning your back on 
                         them.

                                     HAN
                         What good's a reward if you ain't 
                         around to use it? Besides, attacking 
                         that battle station ain't my idea of 
                         courage. It's more like suicide.

                                     LUKE
                         All right. Well, take care of 
                         yourself, Han. I guess that's what 
                         you're best at, isn't it?

               Luke goes off and Han hesitates, then calls to him.

                                     HAN
                         Hey, Luke... may the Force be with 
                         you!

               Luke turns and sees Han wink at him. Luke lifts his hand in 
               a small wave and then goes off.

               Han turns to Chewie who growls at his captain,

                                     HAN
                         What're you lookin' at? I know what 
                         I'm doing.

               INT. MAIN HANGAR DECK - LUKE'S SHIP

               Luke, Leia, and Dodonna meet under a huge space fighter.

                                     LEIA
                         What's wrong?

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, it's Han! I don't know, I really 
                         thought he'd change his mind.

                                     LEIA
                         He's got to follow his own path. No 
                         one can choose it for him.

                                     LUKE
                         I only wish Ben were here.

               Leia gives Luke a little kiss, turns, and goes off. As Luke 
               heads for his ship, another pilot rushes up to him and grabs 
               his arm.

                                     BIGGS
                         Luke! I don't believe it! How'd you 
                         get here... are you going out with 
                         us?!

                                     LUKE
                         Biggs! Of course, I'll be up there 
                         with you! Listen, have I got some 
                         stories to tell...

               Red Leader, a rugged handsome man in his forties, comes up 
               behind Luke and Biggs. He has the confident smile of a born 
               leader.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Are you... Luke Skywalker? Have you 
                         been checked out on the Incom T-sixty-
                         five?

                                     BIGGS
                         Sir, Luke is the best bushpilot in 
                         the outer rim territories.

               Red Leader pats Luke on the back as they stop in front of 
               his fighter.

                                     RED LEADER
                         I met your father once when I was 
                         just a boy, he was a great pilot. 
                         You'll do all right. If you've got 
                         half of your father's skill, you'll 
                         do better than all right.

                                     LUKE
                         Thank you, sir. I'll try.

               Red Leader hurries to his own ship.

                                     BIGGS
                         I've got to get aboard. Listen, you'll 
                         tell me your stories when we come 
                         back. All right?

                                     LUKE
                         I told you I'd make it someday, Biggs.

                                     BIGGS
                              (going off)
                         You did, all right. It's going to be 
                         like old times, Luke. We're a couple 
                         of shooting stars that'll never be 
                         stopped!

               Luke laughs and shakes his head in agreement. He heads for 
               his ship.

               As Luke begins to climb up the ladder into his sleek, deadly 
               spaceship, the crew chief, who is working on the craft, points 
               to little Artoo, who is being hoisted into a socket on the 
               back of the fighter.

                                     CHIEF
                         This R2 unit of your seems a bit 
                         beat up. Do you want a new one?

                                     LUKE
                         Not on your life! That little droid 
                         and I have been through a lot 
                         together.
                              (to Artoo)
                         You okay, Artoo?

               The crewmen lower Artoo-Detoo into the craft. Now a part of 
               the exterior shell of the starship, the little droid beeps 
               that he is fine.

               Luke climbs up into the cockpit of his fighter and puts an 
               his helmet. Threepio looks on from the floor of the massive 
               hangar as the crewmen secure his little electronic partner 
               into Luke's X-wing. It's an emotional-filled moment as Artoo 
               beeps good-bye.

                                     CHIEF
                         Okay, easy she goes!

                                     THREEPIO
                         Hang on tight,Artoo, you've got to 
                         come back.

               Artoo beeps in agreement.

                                     THREEPIO
                         You wouldn't want my life to get 
                         boring, would you?

               Artoo whistles his reply.

               All final preparations are made for the approaching battle.  
               The hangar is buzzing with the last minute activity as the 
               pilots and crewmen alike make their final adjustments. The 
               hum of activity is occasionally trespassed by the distorted 
               voice of the loudspeaker issuing commands. Coupling hoses 
               are disconnected from the ships as they are fueled. Cockpit 
               shields roll smoothly into place over each pilot. A signalman, 
               holding red guiding lights, directs the ships. Luke, a trace 
               of a smile gracing his lips, peers about through his goggles.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Luke, the Force will be with you.

               Luke is confused at the voice and taps his headphones.

               EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLE

               All that can be seen of the fortress is a lone guard standing 
               on a small pedestal jutting out above the dense jungle. The 
               muted gruesome crying sounds that naturally permeate this 
               eerie purgatory are overwhelmed by the thundering din of ion 
               rockets as four silver starships catapult from the foliage 
               in a tight formation and disappears into the morning cloud 
               cover.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               The princess, Threepio, and a field commander sit quietly 
               before the giant display showing the planet Yavin and its 
               four moons. The red dot that represents the Death Star moves 
               ever closer to the system. A series of green dots appear 
               around the fourth moon. A din of indistinct chatter fills 
               the war room.

                                     MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE
                         Stand-by alert. Death Star 
                         approaching. Estimated time to firing 
                         range, fifteen minutes.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Death Star slowly moves behind the massive yellow surface 
               of Yavin in the foreground, as many X-wing fighters flying 
               in formation zoom toward us and out of the frame.

               EXT. SPACE - ANOTHER ANGLE

               Light from a distant sun creates an eerie atmospheric glow 
               around a huge planet, Yavin. Rebel fighters flying in 
               formation settle ominously in the foreground and very slowly 
               pull away.

               INT. RED LEADER STARSHIP - COCKPIT

               Red Leader lowers his visor and adjusts his gun sights, 
               looking to each side at his wing men.

                                     RED LEADER
                         All wings report in.

               INT. ANOTHER COCKPIT

               One of the Rebel fighters checks in through his mike.

                                     RED TEN
                         Red Ten standing by.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Biggs checks his fighter's controls, alert and ready for 
               combat.

                                     RED SEVEN
                              (over Biggs' headset)
                         Red Seven standing by.

                                     BIGGS
                         Red Three standing by.

               INT. PORKINS' COCKPIT

                                     PORKINS
                         Red Six standing by.

                                     RED NINE
                              (over headset)
                         Red Nine standing by.

               INT. WEDGE'S FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     WEDGE
                         Red Two standing by.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     RED ELEVEN
                              (over headset)
                         Red Eleven standing by.

                                     LUKE
                         Red Five standing by.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Artoo-Detoo, in position outside of the fighter, turns his 
               head from side to side and makes beeping sounds.

               INT. RED LEADER'S FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Lock S-foils in attack position.

               EXT. SPACE

               The group of X-wing fighters move in formation toward the 
               Death Star, unfolding the wings and locking them in the "X" 
               position.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

                                     READ LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         We're passing through their magnetic 
                         field.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Hold tight!

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke adjusts his controls as he concentrates on the 
               approaching Death Star. The ship begins to be buffeted 
               slightly.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Switch your deflectors on.

               INT. ANOTHER COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Double front!

               EXT. SPACE

               The fighters, now X-shaped darts, move in formation. The 
               Death Star now appears to be a small moon growing rapidly in 
               size as the Rebel fighters approach. Complex patterns on the 
               metallic surface begin to become visible. A large dish antenna 
               is built into the surface on one side.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               Wedge is amazed and slightly frightened at the awesome 
               spectacle.

                                     WEDGE
                         Look at the size of that thing!

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Cut the chatter, Red Two.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Accelerate to attack speed. This is 
                         it, boys!

               EXT. SPACE

               As the fighters move closer to the Death Star, the awesome 
               size of the gargantuan Imperial fortress is revealed. Half 
               of the deadly space station is in shadow and this area 
               sparkles with thousands of small lights running in thin lines 
               and occasionally grouped in large clusters; somewhat like a 
               city at night as seen from a weather satellite.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         Red Leader, this is Gold Leader.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         I copy, Gold Leader.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         We're starting for the target shaft 
                         now.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader looks around at his wingmen; the Death Star looming 
               in from behind. Two Y-wing fighters bob back and forth in 
               the background. He moves his computer targeting device into 
               position.

                                     RED LEADER
                         We're in position. I'm going to cut 
                         across the axis and try and draw 
                         their fire.

               EXT. SPACE

               Two squads of Rebel fighters peel off. The X-wings dive 
               towards the Death Star surface. A thousand lights glow across 
               the dark grey expanse of the huge station.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Alarm sirens scream as soldiers scramble to large turbo- 
               powered laser gun emplacements. Electronic drivers rotate 
               the huge guns into position as crew adjust their targeting 
               devices.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Laserbolts streak through the star-filled night. The Rebel X-
               wing fighters move in toward the Imperial base, as the Death 
               Star aims its massive laser guns at the Rebel forces and 
               fires.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Princess Leia listens to the battle over the intercom.  
               Threepio is at her side.

                                     WEDGE
                              (over war room speaker 
                              system)
                         Heavy fire, boss! Twenty-degrees.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         I see it. Stay low.

               EXT. SPACE

               An X-wing zooms across the surface of the Death Star.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Technical crews scurry here and there loading last-minute 
               armaments and unlocking power cables.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               Wedge maneuvers his fighter toward the menacing Death Star.

               EXT. SPACE

               X-wings continue in their attack course on the Death Star.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke nosedives radically, starting his attack on the monstrous 
               fortress. The Death Star surface streaks past the cockpit 
               window.

                                     LUKE
                         This is Red Five; I'm going in!

               EXT. SPACE

               Luke's X-wing races toward the Death Star. Laserbolts streak 
               from Luke's weapons, creating a huge fireball explosion on 
               the dim surface.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Terror crosses Luke's face as he realizes he won't be able 
               to pull out in time to avoid the fireball.

                                     BIGGS
                              (over headset)
                         Luke, pull up!

               EXT. SURFACE OF DEATH STAR

               Luke's ship emerges from the fireball, with the leading edges 
               of his wings slightly scorched.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

                                     BIGGS
                         Are you all right?

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke adjusts his controls and breathes a sigh of relief. 
               Flak bursts outside the cockpit window.

                                     LUKE
                         I got a little cooked, but I'm okay.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Rebel fighters continue to strafe the Death Star's surface 
               with laserbolts.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Walls buckle and cave in. Troops and equipment are blown in 
               all directions. Stormtroopers stagger out of the rubble.  
               Standing in the middle of the chaos, a vision of calm and 
               foreboding, is Darth Vader. One of his Astro-Officers rushes 
               up to him.

                                     ASTRO-OFFICER
                         We count thirty Rebel ships, Lord 
                         Vader. But they're so small they're 
                         evading our turbo-lasers!

                                     VADER
                         We'll have to destroy them ship to 
                         ship. Get the crews to their fighters.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Smoke belches from the giant laser guns as they wind up their 
               turbine generators to create sufficient power. The crew rushes 
               about preparing for another blast. Even the troopers head 
               gear is not adequate to protect them from the overwhelming 
               noise of the monstrous weapon. One troopers bangs his helmet 
               with his hand in an attempt to stop the ringing.

               INT. READ LEADER'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Red Leader flies through a heavy hail of flak.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Luke, let me know when you're going 
                         in.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               The Red Leader's X-wing flies past Luke as he puts his nose 
               down and starts his attack dive.

                                     LUKE
                         I'm on my way in now...

                                     RED LEADER
                         Watch yourself! There's a lot of 
                         fire coming from the right side of 
                         that deflection tower.

                                     LUKE
                         I'm on it.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke flings his X-wing into a twisting dive across the horizon 
               and down onto the dim grey surface.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING TRAVELING

               A shot hurls from Luke's guns. Laserbolts streak toward the 
               onrushing Death Star surface. Several small radar emplacements 
               erupt in flame. Laserfire erupts from a protruding tower on 
               the surface.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               The blurry Death Star surface races past the cockpit window 
               as a big smile sweeps across Luke's face at the success of 
               his run. Flak thunders on all sides of him.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The Death Star superstructure races past Luke as he maneuvers 
               his craft through a wall of laserfire and peels away from 
               the surface towards the heavens.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               The thunder and smoke of the big guns reverberate throughout 
               the massive structure. Many soldiers rush about in the smoke 
               and chaos, silhouetted by the almost continual flash of 
               explosions.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Biggs dives through a forest of radar domes, antennae, and 
               gun towers as he shoots low across the Death Star surface. A 
               dense barrage of laserfire streaks by on all sides.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Imperial star pilots dash in unison to a line of small 
               auxiliary hatches that lead to Imperial TIE fighters.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Princess Leia, surrounded by her generals and aides, paces 
               nervously before a lighted computer table. On all sides 
               technicians work in front of many lighted glass walls. Dodonna 
               watches quietly from one corner. One of the officers working 
               over a screen speaks into his headset.

                                     CONTROL OFFICER
                         Squad leaders, we've picked up a new 
                         group of signals. Enemy fighters 
                         coming your way.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Luke looks around to see if he can spot the approaching 
               Imperial fighters.

                                     LUKE
                         My scope's negative. I don't see 
                         anything.

               INT. RED LEADER'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               The Death Star's surface sweeps past as Red Leader searches 
               the sky for the Imperial fighters. Flak pounds at his ship.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Keep up your visual scanning. With 
                         all this jamming, they'll be on top 
                         of you before your scope can pick 
                         them up.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Silhouetted against the rim lights of the Death Star horizon, 
               four ferocious Imperial TIE ships dive on the Rebel fighters.  
               Two of the TIE fighters peel off and drop out of frame. Pan 
               with the remaining two TIE ships.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Biggs panics when he discovers a TIE ship on his tail. The 
               horizon in the background twists around as he peels off, 
               hoping to lose the Imperial fighter.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Biggs! You've picked one up... watch 
                         it!

                                     BIGGS
                         I can't see it! Where is he?!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Biggs zooms off the surface and into space, closely followed 
               by an Imperial TIE fighter. The TIE ship fires several 
               laserbolts at Biggs, but misses.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Biggs see the TIE ship behind him and swings around, trying 
               to avoid him.

                                     BIGGS
                         He's on me tight, I can't shake him... 
                         I can't shake him.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Biggs, flying at high altitude, peels off and dives toward 
               the Death Star surface, but he is unable to lose the TIE 
               fighter, who sticks close to his tail.

               INT. X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Luke is flying upside down. He rotates his ship around to 
               normal attitude as he comes out of his dive.

                                     LUKE
                         Hang on, Biggs, I'm coming in.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Biggs and the tailing TIE ship dive for the surface, now 
               followed by a fast-gaining Luke. After Biggs dives out of 
               sight, Luke chases the Imperial fighter.

               EXT. SURFACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               In the foreground, the Imperial fighter races across the 
               Death Star's surface, closely followed by Luke in the 
               background.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               There is a shot from Luke's X-wing of the TIE ship exploding 
               in a mass of flames.

                                     LUKE
                         Got him!

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Darth Vader strides purposefully down a Death Star corridor, 
               flanked by Imperial stormtroopers.

                                     VADER
                         Several fighters have broken off 
                         from the main group. Come with me!

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               A concerned Princess Leia, Threepio, Dodonna, and other 
               officers of the Rebellion stand around the huge round readout 
               screen, listening to the ship-to-ship communication on the 
               room's loudspeaker.

                                     BIGGS
                              (over speaker)
                         Pull in! Luke... pull in!

                                     WEDGE
                              (over speaker)
                         Watch your back, Luke!

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     WEDGE
                              (over headset)
                         Watch your back! Fighter's above 
                         you, coming in!

               EXT. SPACE

               Luke's ship soars away from the Death Star's surface as he 
               spots the tailing TIE fighter.

               INT. TIE FIGHTER'S COCKPIT

               The TIE pilot takes aim at Luke's X-wing.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Imperial TIE fighter pilot scores a hit on Luke's ship.  
               Fire breaks out on the right side of the X-wing.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks out of his cockpit at the flames on his ship.

                                     LUKE
                         I'm hit, but not bad.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Smoke pours out from behind Artoo-Detoo.

                                     LUKE'S VOICE
                         Artoo, see what you can do with it. 
                         Hang on back there.

               Green laserfire moves past the beeping little robot as his 
               head turns.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke nervously works his controls.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Red Six...

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               In the war room, Leia stands frozen as she listens and worries 
               about Luke.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         Can you see Red Five?

                                     RED TEN
                              (over speaker)
                         There's a heavy fire zone on this 
                         side. Red Five, where are you?

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke spots the TIE fighter behind him and soars away from 
               the Death Star surface.

                                     LUKE
                         I can't shake him!

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's ship soars closer to the surface of the Death Star, 
               an Imperial TIE fighter closing in on him in hot pursuit.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               The Death Star whips below Wedge.

                                     WEDGE
                         I'm on him, Luke!

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

                                     WEDGE
                              (over headset)
                         Hold on!

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Wedge dives across the horizon toward Luke and the TIE 
               fighter.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               Wedge moves his X-wing in rapidly.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke reacts frantically.

                                     LUKE
                         Blast it! Wedge where are you?

               INT. TIE FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               The fighter pilot watches Wedge's X-wing approach. Another X-
               wing joins him, and both unleash a volley of laserfire on 
               the Imperial fighter.

               EXT. SPACE

               The TIE fighter explodes, filling the screen with white light.  
               Luke's ship can be seen far in the distance.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke looks about in relief.

                                     LUKE
                         Thanks, Wedge.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia, Threepio, Dodonna and other Rebel officers are listening 
               to the Rebel Fighter's radio transmissions over the war room 
               intercom.

                                     BIGGS
                              (over speaker)
                         Good shooting, Wedge!

                                     GOLD LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         Red Leader...

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader peels off and starts toward the long trenches at 
               the Death Star surface pole.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         This is Gold Leader. We're starting 
                         out attack run.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Three Y-wing fighters of the Gold group dive out of the stars 
               toward the Death Star surface.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others are grouped around the screen, as 
               technicians move about attending to their duties.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         I copy, Gold Leader. Move into 
                         position.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Three Imperial TIE ships in precise formation dive toward 
               the Death Star surface.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Darth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the stars 
               whip past in the window above his head.

                                     VADER
                         Stay in attack formation!

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Technicians are seated at the computer readout table.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         The exhaust post is...

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         ...marked and locked in!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Gold Leader approaches the surface and pulls out to skim the 
               surface of the huge station. The ship moves into a deep 
               trench, firing laserbolts. The surface streaks past as 
               laserfire is returned by the Death Star.

               INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Gold Five is a pilot in his early fifties with a very battered 
               helmet that looks like it's been through many battles. He 
               looks around to see if enemy ships are near. His fighter is 
               buffeted by Imperial flak.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader races down the enormous trench that leads to the 
               exhaust port. Laserbolts blast toward him in increasing 
               numbers, occasionally exploding near the ship causing it to 
               bounce about.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         Switch power to front deflector 
                         screens.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Three Y-wing skim the Death Star surface deep in the trench, 
               as laserbolts streak past on all sides.

               EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE - GUN EMPLACEMENTS

               An exterior surface gun blazes away at the oncoming Rebel 
               fighters.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         How many guns do you think, Gold 
                         Five.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

                                     GOLD FIVE
                              (over speaker)
                         I'd say about twenty guns. Some on 
                         the surface, some on the towers.

               Leia, Threepio, and the technicians view the projected target 
               screen, as red and blue target lights glow. The red target 
               near the center blinks on and off.

                                     MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE
                              (over speaker)
                         Death Star will be in range in five 
                         minutes.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The three Y-wing fighters race toward camera and zoom overhead 
               through a hail of laserfire.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader pulls his computer targeting device down in front 
               of his eye. Laserbolts continue to batter the Rebel craft.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         Switching to targeting computer.

               INT. GOLD TWO'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Two, a younger pilot about Luke's age, pulls down his 
               targeting eye viewer and adjusts it. His ship shudders under 
               intense laser barrage.

                                     GOLD TWO
                         Computer's locked. Getting a signal.

               As the fighters begin to approach the target area, suddenly 
               all the laserfire stops. An eerie clam clings over the trench 
               as the surface whips past in a blur.

                                     GOLD TWO
                         The guns... they've stopped!

               EXT. GOLD FIVE'S COCKPIT

               Gold Five looks behind him.

                                     GOLD FIVE
                         Stabilize your read deflectors. Watch 
                         for enemy fighters.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         They've coming in! Three marks at 
                         two ten.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Three Imperial TIE ships, Darth Vader in the center flanked 
               by two wingmen, dive in precise formation almost vertically 
               toward the Death Star surface.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Darth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the stars 
               zoom by.

                                     VADER
                         I'll take them myself! Cover me!

                                     WINGMAN'S VOICE
                              (over speaker)
                         Yes, sir.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Three TIE fighters zoom across the surface of the Death Star.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader lines up Gold Two in his targeting computer. Vader's 
               hands grip the control stick as he presses the button.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               The cockpit explodes around Gold Two. His head falls forward.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               As Gold Two's ship explodes, debris is flung out into space.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader looks over his shoulder at the scene.

               EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH

               The three TIE fighters race along in the trench in a tight 
               formation.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader panics.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                              (into mike)
                         I can't maneuver!

               INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Five, the old veteran, trys to calm Gold Leader.

                                     GOLD FIVE
                         Stay on target.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               The Death Star races by outside the cockpit window as he 
               adjusts his targeting device.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         We're too close.

               INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               The older pilot remains calm.

                                     GOLD FIVE
                         Stay on target!

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Now he's really panicked.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         Loosen up!

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader calmly adjusts his targeting computer and pushes the 
               fire button.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader's ship is hit by Vader's laser.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Gold Leader explodes in a ball of flames, throwing debris in 
               all directions.

               INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Five moves in on the exhaust port.

                                     GOLD FIVE
                         Gold Five to Red Leader...

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks over his shoulder at the action outside of his 
               cockpit.

                                     GOLD FIVE
                              (over headset)
                         Lost Tiree, lost Dutch.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         I copy, Gold Five.

               INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

                                     GOLD FIVE
                         They came from behind...

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               One of the engines explodes on Gold Five's Y-wing fighter, 
               blazing out of control. He dives past the horizon toward the 
               Death Star's surface, passing a TIE fighter during his 
               descent. Gold Five, a veteran of countless campaigns, spins 
               toward his death.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks nervously about him at the explosive battle.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Grant Moff Tarkin and a Chief Officer stand in the Death 
               Star's control room.

                                     OFFICER
                         We've analyzed their attack, sir, 
                         and there is a danger. Should I have 
                         your ship standing by?

                                     TARKIN
                         Evacuate? In out moment of triumph? 
                         I think you overestimate their 
                         chances!

               Tarkin turns to the computer readout screen. Flames move 
               around the green disk at the center of the screen, as numbers 
               read across the bottom.

                                     VOICE
                              (over speaker)
                         Rebel base, three minutes and closing.

               INT. READ LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader looks over at his wingmen.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Red Group, this is Red Leader.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Dodonna moves to the intercom as he fiddles with the computer 
               keys.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         Rendezvous at mark six point one.

                                     WEDGE
                              (over speaker)
                         This is Red Two. Flying toward you.

                                     BIGGS
                              (over speaker)
                         Red Three, standing by.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     DODONNA
                              (over headset)
                         Red Leader, this is Base One. Keep 
                         half your group out of range for the 
                         next run.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER'S VOICE
                              (over headset)
                         Copy, Base One. Luke, take Red Two 
                         and Three. Hold up here and wait for 
                         my signal... to start your run.

               Luke nods his head.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The X-wing fighters of Luke, Biggs, and Wedge fly in formation 
               high above the Death Star's surface.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke peers out from his cockpit.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Two X-wings move across the surface of the Death Star. Red 
               Leader's X-wing drops down to the surface leading to the 
               exhaust port.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader looks around to watch for the TIE fighters. He 
               begins to perspire.

                                     RED LEADER
                         This is it!

               EXT. SPACE

               Red Leader roams down the trench of the Death Star as lasers 
               streak across the black heavens.

               EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE - GUN EMPLACEMENTS

               A huge remote-control laser cannon fires at the approaching 
               Rebel fighters.

               EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH

               The Rebel fighters evade the Imperial laser blasts.

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT

               Red Ten looks around for the Imperial fighters.

                                     RED TEN
                         We should be able to see it by now.

               EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH

               From the cockpits of the Rebel pilots, the surface of the 
               Death Star streaks by, with Imperial laserfire shooting toward 
               them.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Keep your eyes open for those 
                         fighters!

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT

                                     RED TEN
                         There's too much interference!

               EXT. SPACE - DEATH STAR TRENCH

               Three X-wing fighters move in formation down the Death Star 
               trench.

                                     RED TEN'S VOICE
                         Red Five, can you see them from where 
                         you are?

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks down at the Death Star surface below.

                                     LUKE
                         No sign of any... wait!

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT

               Red Ten looks up and sees the Imperial fighters.

                                     LUKE
                              (over headset)
                         Coming in point three five.

                                     RED TEN
                         I see them.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Three TIE fighters, Vader flanked by two wingmen, dive in a 
               tight formation. The sun reflects off their dominate solar 
               fins as they loop toward the Death Star's surface.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader pulls his targeting device in front of his eyes 
               and makes several adjustments.

                                     RED LEADER
                         I'm in range.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Red Leader's X-wing moves up the Death Star trench.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Target's coming up!

               Red Leader looks at his computer target readout screen. He 
               then looks into his targeting device.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Just hold them off for a few seconds.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader adjusts his control lever and dives on the X-wing 
               fighters.

                                     VADER
                         Close up formation.

               EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH

               The three TIE fighters move in formation across the Death 
               Star surface.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader lines up his target on the targeting device cross 
               hairs.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Vader and his wingmen zoom down the trench.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader rapidly approaches the two X-wings of Red Ten and Red 
               Twelve. Vader's laser cannon flashes below the view of the 
               front porthole. the X-wings show in the center of Vader's 
               computer screen.

               EXT. SPACE

               Red Twelve's X-wing fighter is hit by Vader's laserfire, and 
               it explodes into flames against the trench.

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT

               Red Ten works at his controls furiously, trying to avoid 
               Vader's fighter behind him.

               RED TEN: You'd better let her loose.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader is concentrating on his targeting device.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Almost there!

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT.

               Red Ten panics.

                                     RED TEN
                         I can't hold them!

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Vader and his wingmen whip through the trench in pursuit of 
               the Rebel fighters.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader cooly pushes the fire button on his control stick.

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT

               Darth Vader's well-aimed laserfire proves to be unavoidable, 
               and strikes Red Ten's ship. Red Ten screams in anguish and 
               pain.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Red Ten's ship explodes and bursts into flames.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Grimly, Red Leader takes careful aim and watches his computer 
               targeting device, which shows the target lined up in the 
               cross hairs, and fires.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         It's away!

               INT. DEATH STAR

               An armed Imperial stormtrooper is knocked to the floor from 
               the attack explosion. Other troopers scurrying about the 
               corridors are knocked against the wall and lose their balance.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others stare at the computer screen.

                                     RED NINE'S VOICE
                              (over speaker)
                         It's a hit!

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         Negative.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader looks back at the receding Death Star. Tiny 
               explosions are visible in the distance.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Negative! It didn't go in. It just 
                         impacted on the surface.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR - TIE FIGHTER

               Darth Vader peels off in pursuit as Red Leader's X-wing passes 
               the Death Star horizon.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader swings his ship around for the next kill.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     LUKE
                              (over headset)
                         Red Leader, we're right above you. 
                         Turn to point...

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke tries to spot Red Leader. He looks down at the Death 
               Star surface.

                                     LUKE
                         ...oh-five; we'll cover for you.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Stay there...

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               A wary Red Leader looks about nervously.

                                     RED LEADER
                         ...I just lost my starboard engine.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks excitedly toward Red Leader's X-wing.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Get set to make your attack run.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader's gloved hands make contact with the control sticks, 
               and he presses their firing buttons.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader fights to gain control of his ship.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Laserbolts are flung from Vader's TIE fighter, connecting 
               with Red Leader's Rebel X-wing fighter. Red Leader buys it, 
               creating a tremendous explosion far below. He screams and is 
               destroyed.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks out the window of his X-wing at the explosion far 
               below. For the first time, he feels the helplessness of his 
               situation.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Grand Moff Tarkin casts a sinister eye at the computer screen.

                                     DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
                         Rebel base, one minute and closing.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Dodonna and Princess Leia, with Threepio beside them, listen 
               intently to the talk between the pilots. The room is grim 
               after Red Leader's death. Princess Leia nervously paces the 
               room.

                                     LUKE
                              (over speaker)
                         Biggs, Wedge, let's close it up. 
                         We're going in. We're going in full 
                         throttle.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               The horizon twists as Wedge begins to pull out.

                                     WEDGE
                         Right with you, boss.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The two X-wings peel off against a background of stars and 
               dive toward the Death Star.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

                                     BIGGS
                         Luke, at that speed will you be able 
                         to pull out in time?

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     LUKE
                         It'll be just like Beggar's Canyon 
                         back home.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The three X-wings move in, unleashing a barrage of laserfire.  
               Laserbolts are returned from the Death Star.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Luke's lifelong friend struggles with his controls.

                                     BIGGS
                         We'll stay back far enough to cover 
                         you.

               INT. LUKE'S COCKPIT

               Flak and laserbolts flash outside Luke's cockpit window.

                                     WEDGE
                              (over headset)
                         My scope shows the tower, but I can't 
                         see the exhaust port! Are you sure 
                         the computer can hit it?

               EXT. DEATH STAR - GUN EMPLACEMENTS

               The Death Star laser cannon slowly rotates as it shoots 
               laserbolts.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks around for the Imperial TIE fighters. He thinks 
               for a moment and then moves his targeting device into 
               position.

                                     LUKE
                         Watch yourself! Increase speed full 
                         throttle!

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               Wedge looks excitedly about for any sign of the TIE fighters.

                                     WEDGE
                         What about the tower?

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     LUKE
                         You worry about those fighters! I'll 
                         worry about the tower!

               EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE

               Luke's X-wing streaks through the trench, firing lasers.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke breaks into a nervous sweat as the laserfire is returned, 
               knicking one of his wings close to the engine.

                                     LUKE
                              (to Artoo)
                         Artoo... that, that stabilizer's 
                         broken loose again! See if you can't 
                         lock it down!

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Artoo works to repair the damages. The canyon wall rushes by 
               in the background, making his delicate task seem even more 
               precarious.

               EXT. DEATH STAR

               Two laser cannons are firing on the Rebel fighters.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               Wedge looks up and sees the TIE ships.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke's targeting device marks off the distance to the target.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Vader and his wingmen zoom closer.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader adjusts his controls and fires laserbolts at two X-
               wings flying down the trench. He scores a direct hit on Wedge.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others are grouped around the computer board.

                                     WEDGE
                              (over speaker)
                         I'm hit! I can't stay with you.

                                     LUKE
                              (over speaker)
                         Get clear, Wedge.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     LUKE
                         You can't do any more good back there!

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

                                     WEDGE
                         Sorry!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Wedge pulls his crippled X-wing back away from the battle.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader watches the escape but issues a command to his wingmen.

                                     VADER
                         Let him go! Stay on the leader!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's X-wing speeds down the trench; the three TIE fighters, 
               still in perfect unbroken formation, tail close behind.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Biggs looks around at the TIE fighters. He is worried.

                                     BIGGS
                         Hurry, Luke, they're coming in much 
                         faster this time. I can't hold them!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The three TIE fighters move ever closer, closing in on Luke 
               and Biggs.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks back anxiously at little Artoo.

                                     LUKE
                         Artoo, try and increase the power!

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Ignoring the bumpy ride, flak, and lasers, a beeping Artoo-
               Detoo struggles to increase the power, his dome turning from 
               side to side.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Stealthily, the TIE formation creeps closer.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader adjusts his control stick.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Biggs looks around at the TIE fighters.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Luke looks into his targeting device. He moves it away for a 
               moment and ponders its use. He looks back into the computer 
               targeter.

                                     BIGGS
                              (over headset)
                         Hurry up, Luke!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Vader and his wingmen race through the Death Star trench.  
               Biggs moves in to cover for Luke, but Vader gains on him.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Biggs sees the TIE fighter aiming at him.

                                     BIGGS
                         Wait!

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader squeezes the fire button on his controls.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Biggs' cockpit explodes around him, lighting him in red.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Biggs' ship bursts into a million flaming bits and scatters 
               across the surface.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others stare at the computer board.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING COCKPIT

               Luke is stunned by Biggs' death. His eyes are watering, but 
               his anger is also growing.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Grand Moff Tarkin watches the projected target screen with 
               satisfaction.

                                     DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
                         Rebel base, thirty seconds and 
                         closing.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader takes aim on Luke and talks to the wingmen.

                                     VADER
                         I'm on the leader.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR - LUKE'S SHIP

               Luke's ship streaks through the trench of the Death Star.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Princess Leia returns her general's worried and doubtful 
               glances with solid, grim determination. Threepio seems 
               nervous.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Hang on, Artoo!

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke concentrates on his targeting device.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Three TIE fighters charge away down the trench toward Luke.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader's finger's curls around the control stick.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke adjusts the lens of his targeting device.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's ship charges down the trench.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke lines up the yellow cross-hair lines of the targeting 
               device's screen. He looks into the targeting device, then 
               starts at a voice he hears.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Use the Force, Luke.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The Death Star trench zooms by.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke looks up, then starts to look back into the targeting 
               device. He has second thoughts.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Let go, Luke.

               A grim determination sweeps across Luke's face as he closes 
               his eyes and starts to mumble Ben's training to himself.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's fighter streaks through the trench.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

                                     VADER
                         The Force is strong with this one!

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Vader follows Luke's X-wing down the trench.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke looks to the targeting device, then away as he hears 
               Ben's voice.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Luke, trust me.

               Luke's hand reaches for the control panel and presses the 
               button. The targeting device moves away.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others stand watching the projected screen.

                                     BASE VOICE
                              (over speaker)
                         His computer's off. Luke, you switched 
                         off your targeting computer. What's 
                         wrong?

                                     LUKE
                              (over speaker)
                         Nothing. I'm all right.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's ship streaks ever close to the exhaust port.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke looks at the Death Star surface streaking by.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Artoo-Detoo turns his head from side to side, beeping in 
               anticipation.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The three TIE fighters, manned by Vader and his two wingmen, 
               follow Luke's X-wing down the trench.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader maneuvers his controls as he looks at his doomed target.  
               He presses the fire buttons on his control sticks. Laserfire 
               shoots toward Luke's X-wing fighter.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               A large burst of Vader's laserfire engulfs Artoo. The arms 
               go limp on the smoking little droid as he makes a high-pitched 
               sound.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks frantically back over his shoulder at Artoo.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Smoke billows out around little Artoo and sparks begin to 
               fly.

                                     LUKE
                         I've lost Artoo!

               Artoo's beeping sounds die out.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others stare intently at the projected screen, 
               while Threepio watches the Princess. Lights representing the 
               Death Star and targets glow brightly.

                                     MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE
                         The Death Star has cleared the planet. 
                         The Death Star has cleared the planet.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Tarkin glares at the projected target screen.

                                     DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
                         Rebel base, in range.

                                     TARKIN
                         You may fire when ready.

                                     DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
                         Commence primary ignition.

               An officer reaches up and pushes buttons on the control panel, 
               as green lighted buttons turn to red.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The three TIE fighters zoom down the Death Star trench in 
               pursuit of Luke, never breaking formation.

               INT. LUKE'S COCKPIT

               Luke looks anxiously at the exhaust port.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader adjusts his control sticks, checking his projected 
               targeting screen.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's ship barrels down the trench.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader's targeting computer swings around into position. Vader 
               takes careful aim on Luke's X-wing fighter.

                                     VADER
                         I have you now.

               He pushes the fire buttons.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The three TIE fighters move in on Luke. As Vader's center 
               fighter unleashes a volley of laserfire, one of the TIE ships 
               at his side is hit and explodes into flame. The two remaining 
               ships continue to move in.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks about, wondering whose laserfire destroyed Vader's 
               wingman.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader is taken by surprise, and looks out from his cockpit.

                                     VADER
                         What?

               INT. DARTH VADER'S WINGMAN - COCKPIT

               Vader's wingman searches around him trying to locate the 
               unknown attacker.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Han and Chewbacca grin from ear to ear.

                                     HAN
                              (yelling)
                         Yahoo!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The Millennium Falcon heads right at the two TIE fighters.  
               It's a collision course.

               INT. WINGMAN'S COCKPIT

               The wingman spots the pirateship coming at him and warns the 
               Dark Lord.

                                     WINGMAN
                         Look out!

               EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH

               Vader's wingman panics at the sight of the oncoming pirate 
               starship and veers radically to one side, colliding with 
               Vader's TIE fighter in the process. Vader's wingman crashes 
               into the side wall of the trench and explodes. Vader's damaged 
               ship spins out of the trench with a damaged wing.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Vader's ship spins out of control with a bent solar fin, 
               heading for deep space.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader turns round and round in circles as his ship spins 
               into space.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Solo's ship moves in toward the Death Star trench.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Solo, smiling, speaks to Luke over his headset mike.

                                     HAN
                              (into mike)
                         You're all clear, kid.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others listen to Solo's transmission.

                                     HAN
                              (over speaker)
                         Now let's blow this thing and go 
                         home!

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks up and smiles. He concentrates on the exhaust 
               port, then fires his laser torpedoes.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's torpedoes shoot toward the port and seems to simply 
               disappear into the surface and not explode. But the shots do 
               find their mark and have gone into the exhaust port and are 
               heading for the main reactor.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke throws his head back in relief.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               An Imperial soldier runs to the control panel board and pulls 
               the attack lever as the board behind him lights up.

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         Stand by to fire at Rebel base.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Two X-wings, a Y-wing, and the pirateship race toward Yavin 
               in the distance.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Several Imperial soldiers, flanking a pensive Grand Moff 
               Tarkin, busily push control levers and buttons.

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         Standing by.

               The rumble of a distant explosion begins.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The Rebel ships race out of sight, leaving the moon-like 
               Death Star alone against a blanket of stars. Several small 
               flashes appear on the surface. The Death Star bursts into a 
               supernova, creating a spectacular heavenly display.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

                                     HAN
                         Great shot, kid. That was one in a 
                         million.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke is at ease, and his eyes are closed.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Remember, the Force will be with 
                         you... always.

               The ship rocks back and forth.

               EXT. DARTH VADER'S TIE FIGHTER

               Vader's ship spins off into space.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Rebel ships race toward the fourth moon of Yavin.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR

               Luke climbs out of his starship fighter and is cheered by a 
               throng of ground crew and pilots. Luke climbs down the ladder 
               as they all welcome him with laughter, cheers, and shouting. 
               Princess Leia rushes toward him.

                                     LEIA
                         Luke! Luke! Luke!

               She throws her arms around Luke and hugs him as they dance 
               around in a circle. Solo runs in toward Luke and they embrace 
               one another, slapping each other on the back.

                                     HAN
                              (laughing)
                         Hey! Hey!

                                     LUKE
                              (laughing)
                         I knew you'd come back! I just knew 
                         it!

                                     HAN
                         Well, I wasn't gonna let you get all 
                         the credit and take all the reward.

               Luke and Han look at one another, as Solo playfully shoves 
               at Luke's face. Leia moves in between them.

                                     LEIA
                              (laughing)
                         Hey, I knew there was more to you 
                         than money.

               Luke looks toward the ship.

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, no!

               The fried little Artoo-Detoo is lifted off the back of the 
               fighter and carried off under the worried eyes of Threepio.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh, my! Artoo! Can you hear me? Say 
                         something!
                              (to mechanic)
                         You can repair him, can't you?

                                     TECHNICIAN
                         We'll get to work on him right away.

                                     THREEPIO
                         You must repair him! Sir, if any of 
                         my circuits or gears will help, I'll 
                         gladly donate them.

                                     LUKE
                         He'll be all right.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN THRONE ROOM

               Luke, Han, and Chewbacca enter the huge ruins of the main 
               temple. Hundreds of troops are lined up in neat rows. Banners 
               are flying and at the far end stands a vision in white, the 
               beautiful young Senator Leia. Luke and the others solemnly 
               march up the long aisle and kneel before Senator Leia. From 
               one side of the temple marches a shined-up and fully repaired 
               Artoo-Detoo. He waddles up to the group and stands next to 
               an equally pristine Threepio, who is rather awestruck by the 
               whole event. Chewbacca is confused. Dodonna and several other 
               dignitaries sit on the left of the Princess Leia. Leia is 
               dressed in a long white dress and is staggeringly beautiful.  
               She rises and places a gold medallion around Han's neck. He 
               winks at her. She then repeats the ceremony with Luke, who 
               is moved by the event. They turn and face the assembled 
               troops, who all bow before them. Chewbacca growls and Artoo 
               beeps with happiness.
1   EXT. PRIVET DRIVE - DAY                                     1

    WIDE HELICOPTER SHOT. Privet Drive. CAMERA CRANES DOWN,
    DOWN, OVER the rooftops, FINDS the SECOND FLOOR WINDOW of
    NUMBER 4. HARRY POTTER sits in the window.




2   OMITTED                                                     2





3   INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY                                  3

    Harry pages through a SCRAPBOOK, stops on a MOVING PHOTO
    of Ron and Hermione. SQUAWK! Harry jumps. HEDWIG pecks
    at the LOCK slung through her cage door, then glowers at
    Harry.

                             HARRY

               I can't, Hedwig. I'm not allowed
               to use magic outside of school.
               Besides, if Uncle Vernon --
    At the sound of the name, HEDWIG SQUAWKS again, LOUDER.

                             UNCLE VERNON (O.S.)

               Har-ry Pot-ter!

                             HARRY

               Now you've done it.




4   INT. KITCHEN - DAY                                          4

    While AUNT PETUNIA puts the finishing touches to a
    PUDDING of WHIPPED CREAM and SUGARED VIOLETS, UNCLE
    VERNON struggles with DUDLEY'S BOW TIE, all the while
    glowering at Harry.

                             UNCLE VERNON

               I warned you. If you can't
               control that bloody bird, it'll
               have to go.

                             HARRY

               She's bored. If I could just let
               her out for an hour or two --

                             UNCLE VERNON

               And have you sending secret
               messages to your freaky little
               friends? No, sir.

                                                 (CONTINUED)




    THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                 2.




4   CONTINUED:                                                  4





                               HARRY

                 But I haven't gotten any messages.
                 From any of my friends. Not one.
                 All summer.




                               DUDLEY

                 Who'd want to be friends with you?

                               UNCLE VERNON

                 I should think you'd be more
                 grateful. We raise you since you
                 were a baby, give you food off our
                 table, even let you have Dudley's
                 second bedroom... purely out of
                 the goodness of our hearts.

                               DUDLEY

                 I thought he got the second
                 bedroom because Mum was afraid
                 he'd turn us into dung beetles if
                 you put him back in the cupboard
                 under the stairs.
    AUNT PETUNIA stops cold, exchanges a dark look with Uncle
    Vernon, then sees Dudley extending a finger for the
    pudding.

                               AUNT PETUNIA

                 Not yet, popkin. That's for when
                 the Masons arrive.

                               UNCLE VERNON

                 Which should be any moment. Now.
                 Let's run through our schedule one
                 more time. Petunia, when the
                 Masons get here, you will be --

                               AUNT PETUNIA

                 In the lounge, waiting to welcome
                 them graciously to our home.

                                UNCLE VERNON

                 Good.   And Dudley?

                               DUDLEY

                 I'll be waiting to open the door.

                               UNCLE VERNON

                 Excellent.
                         (turning on Harry)
                 And you?

                                                 (CONTINUED)




    THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 5/14/02                     3.




4   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              4





                               HARRY

                 I'll be in my bedroom, making no
                 noise and pretending I don't
                 exist.




                               UNCLE VERNON

                 Too right you will. With any
                 luck, this could well be the day I
                 make the biggest deal of my
                 career.
    DOORBELL RINGS. Instantly, Uncle Vernon shoves Harry out
    of the kitchen and into the hallway.

                                UNCLE VERNON

                 Upstairs!   Hurry!




5   OMITTED                                                        5





6   INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY                                     6

    Harry enters, turns, and stops dead: a tiny CREATURE
    with bat-like ears and bulging green eyes is jumping on
    his bed as if it were a trampoline. This is DOBBY.

                                 DOBBY

                 Harry Potter!    Such an honor it
                 is!

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              4.





6   CONTINUED:                                                     6





                               HARRY

                 What... Who are you?

                                 DOBBY

                 Dobby, sir.    Dobby the house elf.

                               HARRY

                 I see. Not to be rude or
                 anything, but this isn't a great
                 time for me to have a house-elf in
                 my bedroom.

                               DOBBY

                 Oh, yes, sir, Dobby understands.
                 It's just that, Dobby has come to
                 tell you... it is difficult, sir...
                 Dobby wonders where to begin.

                               HARRY

                 Why don't you sit down?

                                 DOBBY

                 S-s-sit down?
    Suddenly Dobby BURSTS INTO TEARS.       LOUD TEARS.   Harry
    panics.

                               HARRY

                 Shhhh! I'm sorry. I didn't mean
                 to offend you or anything --

                               DOBBY

                 Offend Dobby! Dobby has heard of
                 your greatness, sir, but never has
                 he been asked to sit down by a
                 wizard, like an equal...

                               HARRY

                 You can't have met many decent
                 wizards then.
    Dobby shakes his head, then without warning, LEAPS off the
    bed and starts to BANG HIS HEAD FURIOUSLY ON THE FLOOR.

                                 DOBBY

                 Bad Dobby!    Bad Dobby!




7   INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY                                         7

    Uncle Vernon pours champagne for MR. and MRS. MASON. As
    Dobby's HEAD BANGING sounds from above, all eyes shift to
    the ceiling. Uncle Vernon chuckles nervously.

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                             5.





7   CONTINUED:                                                    7





                               UNCLE VERNON

                 Don't mind that. It's just the...
                 cat.




                                DUDLEY

                 Cat?   What cat?

                               UNCLE VERNON

                 Our cat, tiger.




8   INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY                                    8

    Dobby gets back to his feet, wobbling, eyes spinning
    dizzily. Harry regards him with a mixture of concern...
    and wariness.

                               HARRY

                 Are you... all right?

                               DOBBY

                 Dobby had to punish himself, sir.
                 Dobby almost spoke ill of his
                 family, sir.

                               HARRY

                 Your... family?

                               DOBBY

                 The wizard family Dobby serves,
                 sir. Dobby is bound to serve one
                 family forever. If they ever knew
                 Dobby was here...
    Dobby shudders in fear, then looks up, WHISPERS urgently.

                               DOBBY

                 But Dobby had to come. Dobby has
                 to protect Harry Potter. To warn
                 him.
                         (in a fierce whisper)
                 Harry Potter must not go back to
                 Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
                 Wizardry this year.

                                HARRY

                 Not go back?   But... I have to.

                               DOBBY

                 This is a plot. A plot to make
                 most terrible things happen. If
                 Harry Potter goes back to school
                 he will be in great danger.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                                6.





8    CONTINUED:                                                      8





                                HARRY

                  What terrible things?    Who's
                  plotting them?



     Dobby makes a funny CHOKING and GAGGING noise.

                               HARRY

                  Okay! I understand.     You can't
                  say --
     Too late. Dobby grabs the bedside lamp and starts
     beating himself about the head and YELPING LOUDLY.




9    INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY                                          9

     Uncle Vernon is in the midst of telling a joke.

                                UNCLE VERNON

                  They arrive at the ninth hole
                  and --
     DOBBY'S YELPS INTERRUPT, ringing out from above.

                                MR. MASON

                  Sounds as if that cat of yours has
                  dragged something in with it,
                  Dursley.

                                  UNCLE VERNON

                  Not to worry.    I'll sort it out.




10   INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY                                      10

     Harry wrestles the lamp away from Dobby.

                                  HARRY

                  Stop!   Stop!
     FOOTSTEPS THUNDER on the landing. Quickly, Harry grabs
     Dobby by the pillowcase and pitches him into the
     wardrobe... just as the door FLINGS OPEN.

                                UNCLE VERNON

                  What the devil are you doing up
                  here! You've just ruined the
                  punch line of my Japanese golfer
                  joke. One more sound and you'll
                  wish you'd never been born, boy!
     He stomps flat-footed from the room and SLAMS THE DOOR.
     Harry lets Dobby out of the wardrobe.

                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                              7.





10   CONTINUED:                                                    10





                                HARRY

                  See why I've got to go back? I
                  don't belong here. I belong in
                  your world -- at Hogwarts. It's
                  the only place I've got...
                  friends.

                                DOBBY

                  Friends who don't even write to
                  Harry Potter?

                                HARRY

                  Well, I expect they've been --
                  hang on, how do you know my
                  friends haven't been writing me?
     Guiltily, Dobby takes out a STACK of LETTERS.

                                DOBBY

                  Harry Potter mustn't be angry with
                  Dobby -- Dobby hoped if Harry
                  Potter thought his friends had
                  forgotten him... Harry Potter
                  might not want to go back to
                  school, sir...

                                HARRY

                  Give me those. Now.
     Dobby frowns sadly, then DASHES out the door.
     Panicking...




11   INT. HALLWAY/STAIRS/KITCHEN - DAY                             11

     ... Harry flies desperately after, Dobby bouncing like a
     ping-pong ball down the stairs and into the kitchen. As
     Harry races in, he finds Dobby on the counter, waving his
     arms. Aunt Petunia's masterpiece of a pudding RISES,
     then floats into the living room, HOVERING over the
     Mason's heads. The Masons don't see, but the Dursleys --
     goggle-eyed--do.

                                HARRY

                  Dobby... Please... No...

                                DOBBY

                  Harry Potter must say he's not
                  going back to school.

                                 HARRY

                  I can't.   Hogwarts is my home.

                                                     (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/9/02                      8.




11    CONTINUED:                                                     11





                                 DOBBY

                           (a tragic
                            expression)
                   Then Dobby must do it, sir.   For
                   Harry Potter's own good.
      Dobby SNAPS HIS FINGERS. The pudding PLUMMETS...
      straight onto the Masons. They stand blinking, covered
      head to foot with whipped cream and sugared violets. The
      Masons exit. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia race after
      them.

                                 UNCLE VERNON

                   I'm sorry. It's our nephew. Very
                   disturbed. Meeting strangers
                   upsets him, so we kept him
                   upstairs...




11A   EXT. DURSLEY HOUSE - DAY                                       11A

      The Masons RACE out of the house, the Dursleys FOLLOWING.

                                 AUNT PETUNIA

                   We have ice cream...
      The Masons get into their car and drive off, just as a
      SHRIEKING SOUND splits the sky. An OWL SWOOPS down, and
      DROPS a LETTER at Uncle Vernon's feet. He picks up the
      letter, opens it. As he reads it, a mad gleam dances in
      Uncle Vernon's eye. He turns and races back inside the
      house. Aunt Petunia follows.




11B   INT. DURSLEY HOUSE - NIGHT                                     11B

      Uncle Vernon runs back into the living room, extends the
      letter to Harry.

                                  UNCLE VERNON

                   Go on.   Read it.

                                 HARRY

                   'Dear Mr. Potter. We have
                   received intelligence that a Hover
                   Charm was used at your place of
                   residence at twelve minutes past
                   seven this evening. As you know,
                   underage wizards...'

                                 UNCLE VERNON

                   '... are not permitted to perform
                   spells outside school.'

                                 (MORE)


                                                       (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/9/02                  8A.




11B   CONTINUED:                                                  11B





                                 UNCLE VERNON (CONT'D)

                           (snatching the letter)
                   You didn't tell us you weren't
                   Allowed to use magic at home.
                   Slipped your mind, didn't it?

                                 (MORE)


                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                              9.





11B   CONTINUED:    (2)                                            11B





                                 UNCLE VERNON (CONT'D)

                   Well, I've got news for you, boy.
                   I'm locking you up! And if you
                   try to magic yourself out, they'll
                   expel you! You're never going
                   back to that school! Never!




12    EXT./INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - NEXT DAY                         12


      A SHORT MONTAGE BEGINS:

      Uncle Vernon fits IRON BARS to the inside of Harry's
      window.
      Drills a METAL FLAP to the base of the bedroom door.
      Fits a FAT, GREY LOCK to the door itself. Soaking with
      sweat, he casts Harry a nasty grin and pulls shut the
      DOOR. It closes with the DULL CLANK of a cell.




13    INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT                                 13

      Harry stares gloomily out the window. The METAL FLAP
      RATTLES and Dudley's pudgy hand slides a BOWL of TINNED
      SOUP onto the floor. He grins cruelly through the
      opening.

                                 DUDLEY

                   I know what day it is.

                                 HARRY

                   Well done, Dudley. Finally
                   learned the days of the week, have
                   you.

                                 DUDLEY

                   Today's your birthday.   And nobody
                   cares.
      Dudley SNAPS SHUT the flap. Harry sighs, takes the soup
      and a bit of stale bread, and crosses to Hedwig.

                                 HARRY

                   It's no good turning your beak up.
                   It's all we've got.
      Harry feeds a piece of bread to Hedwig... as we...

                                               DISSOLVE TO:


                                                    (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02               10.




13    CONTINUED:                                                 13





      SAME SCENE - LATER

      Harry leans against the wall. Asleep. There is a gentle
      TAPPING SOUND. Harry opens his eyes and is stunned to
      see... RON WEASLEY staring through the bedroom window.

                                  HARRY

                   Ron?

                                  RON

                   Hiya, Harry.




13A   EXT. DURSLEY HOUSE - NIGHT                                 13A

      An OLD, TURQUOISE-COLORED FORD ANGLIA floats in midair.
      Ron leans out the back window. His brother FRED sits in
      the driver's seat. Fred's twin George is in the
      passenger seat.

                                  HARRY

                   Fred?   George? What're you doing
                   here?

                                 RON

                   Rescuing you, of course.   Where's
                   your trunk?




13B   CLOSEUP - HARRY'S TRUNK                                    13B

      Stuffed with clothes, spellbooks. The trunk CLOSES, SNAPS
      SHUT. Harry drags the trunk to the windowsill, watches Ron
      tie off a fierce knot on the bars of Harry's window.

                                  RON

                   Stand back.
      Harry steps back.     Ron turns, nods to Fred.




13C   INSERT - FRED'S FOOT                                       13C

      Fred STEPS ON the accelerator.




13D   EXT. DURSLEY HOUSE - NIGHT                                 13D

      The Ford Anglia FLIES UP into the air, the rope SNAPS
      TIGHT, and -- CRUNCH! -- the bars are TORN from the
      window. Bricks and bars RAIN DOWN onto the lawn below, a
      mangled mess.

13E   INT. UNCLE VERNON'S BEDROOM - NIGHT                        13E

      Uncle Vernon WAKES...




                                                               11.





14     OMITTED                                                       14

thru                                                                 thru

16                                                                   16





17     INT./EXT. HARRY'S BEDROOM/THE CAR - MOMENTS LATER             17




       Harry pushes the trunk over the sill into the Anglia's
       boot, then scrambles through the window himself, when...

       SQUAWK!


                                   HARRY

                   Hedwig!
       Harry clambers back, grabs Hedwig's cage, swings it onto
       the ledge, when... BAM! The bedroom door CRASHES OPEN.




                                   UNCLE VERNON

                   Petunia!    He's getting away!
       As Harry leaps for the windowsill, Uncle Vernon CHARGES
       FORWARD and SNATCHES his ankle. Harry tumbles into the
       darkness, one hand gripping Hedwig's cage, the other
       reaching out and... CATCHING Ron's at the last possible
       second.
       Uncle Vernon puts both hands to Harry's ankle, pulls
       harder. Ron braces himself, pulls back. Harry hangs,
       stretched high over the lawn, directly above the mangled
       steel bars.
       CLOSEUP:    Harry's hand begins to slip from Ron's fingers.
       INSIDE OF CAGE:       Hedwig PECKS feverishly at the LOCK.
       CLOSE-UP:    Ron.     PANICKED.

                                 RON

                   Hold on, Harry!

                                 UNCLE VERNON

                   Oh no, boy! You and that bloody
                   pigeon aren't going anywhere!
       CLOSE-UP:    Harry's hand begins to slip away from Ron's.
       INSIDE OF CAGE:       Hedwig PECKS HARDER and... the CAGE

       OPENS.

       Hedwig SWOOPS into the sky, WHEELS BACK and hammers her
       beak into Uncle Vernon's hand. He ROARS, stumbles back
       and... Ron and George pull Harry into the air.

                                 RON

                   Put your foot down, Fred!

                                                      (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    12.




17   CONTINUED:                                                     17




     Like a rocket, the Anglia sails into the stars. Harry
     glances back, sees Aunt Petunia and Dudley join Uncle
     Vernon at the window. As Hedwig races up, soaring just
     beyond the car window, Ron turns to Harry.




                                RON

                  By the way, Harry.   Happy
                  Birthday.

                                               DISSOLVE TO:





18   EXT. THE BURROW - EARLY MORNING                                18

     As the Anglia drops through a pink sky, a haphazard mess
     of a HOUSE, built around a towering central chimney,
     appears below. By the road, a lopsided SIGN reads: THE
     BURROW. FLUMPH! The car touches down in a WHIRLING CONE
     of dust, scatters a group of chickens, and fishtails to a
     halt. The boys spill quickly out of the car. FRED
     WHISPERS urgently.

                                FRED

                  Hurry! Let's nip inside before
                  Mum wakes up!




19   INT. FRONT ROOM - THE BURROW - MOMENTS LATER                   19

     The boys sneak inside, gently close the door. Harry
     stops. Magical objects surround him: A CLOCK displays
     different chores for each family member. A pair of
     NEEDLES knit a sweater by themselves. And a stack of
     PLAYING CARDS that. A stack of PLAYING CARDS SHUFFLE
     themselves, providing a cooling breeze for Ron's aging
     rat, SCABBERS. Ron shrugs, averts his eyes self-
     consciously.

                                RON

                  It's not much.

                                HARRY

                  I think it's... brilliant!
     Ron looks up.     Sees Harry's mesmerized face.   Slowly...

     GRINS.


                                MRS. WEASLEY (O.S.)


                  WHERE... HAVE... YOU... BEEN?!

     The boys nearly jump out of their skin. MRS. WEASLEY
     stands in the doorway. Furious. She smiles sweetly at
     Harry.

                                                   (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    13.




19   CONTINUED:                                                     19





                                MRS. WEASLEY

                  Harry!  How wonderful to see you.
                          (back to the boys)
                  Beds empty! No note! You
                  could've died! You could've been
                  seen!
                          (again, to Harry)
                  I don't blame you, of course,
                  dear.

                                RON

                  They were starving him, Mum!
                  There were bars on his window!

                                MRS. WEASLEY

                  You best hope I don't put bars on
                  your window, Ronald Weasley!
                          (softening instantly)
                  Care for a spot of tea, Harry?

                                 GINNY

                  Mummy.   Have you seen my jumper --
     A small, RED-HEADED GIRL appears. Sees Harry. And...
     SQUEALS. Dashes back up the stairs. Ron frowns.

                               RON

                  Ginny. Been talking about you all
                  summer. Dead annoying, really.

                                  GEORGE

                  Dad's home!
     The front door OPENS and ARTHUR WEASLEY enters. A tall
     man with red hair, his robes look dusty and travel-worn.

                                  MR. WEASLEY

                  What a night!    Nine raids!   Nine!

                                 HARRY

                           (to Ron)
                  Raids?

                                RON

                  Dad works at the Ministry of
                  Magic. In the Misuse of Muggle
                  Artefacts Office.

                                HARRY

                  The Misuse of Muggle Artefacts...?

                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   14.




19   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             19





                                RON

                  That's when wizards bewitch
                  something to drive Muggles mad.
                  Shrinking door keys, that kind of
                  thing. Dad loves Muggles. Thinks
                  they're fascinating.
     Mr. Weasley hangs up his cloak, turns.     Blinks.

                                 MR. WEASLEY

                  Well now.   Who are you?

                                 RON

                  Harry, sir.   Harry Potter.

                                MR. WEASLEY

                  Good Lord, are you really? Ron's
                  told us all about you, of course.
                  When did you get here?

                                MRS. WEASLEY

                          (darkly)
                  This morning. Your sons flew that
                  enchanted car of yours to Surrey
                  house and back last night.

                                MR. WEASLEY

                  Did you now! How'd it go?!
                          (catching his
                           wife's eye)
                  I... I mean... That was very
                  wrong, boys. Very wrong indeed.
                  So, Harry. You must know all
                  about Muggles. Tell me, what
                  exactly is the function of a
                  parking meter?
     Harry is about to answer, when he notices an OWL (ERROL)
     soaring toward the kitchen window. To Harry's horror,
     the owl doesn't pull up. It just flies... SMACK!... into
     the glass.

                                MRS. WEASLEY

                  That must be Errol with the post.
                  Fetch him, will you, George?
     George takes the unconscious Errol, absently lays him on
     a draining board, and takes the LETTERS clutched in his
     claws.

                                GEORGE

                  It's our Hogwarts letters! And
                  look. They've sent Harry's as well.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    15.




19     CONTINUED:    (3)                                              19





                                  MR. WEASLEY

                    Dumbledore must know you're here,
                    Harry. Doesn't miss a trick, that
                    man.




                                  FRED

                            (reading his)
                    This lot won't come cheap, Mum.
                    The spellbooks alone...

                                  MRS. WEASLEY

                    We'll manage. Right then.
                    There's only one place to get all
                    of this.

                                    HARRY/RON/FRED/GEORGE

                    Diagon Alley!




19A    OMITTED                                                        19A

thru                                                                  thru

23                                                                    23





24     INT. LIVING ROOM - THE BURROW - DAY (LATER)                    24

       Everyone has gathered in front of the large fireplace.

                                  MRS. WEASLEY

                    You first, Harry dear.
       Mrs. Weasley offers Harry a FLOWERPOT. At the bottom is
       a layer of VERY SOFT DUST. Harry frowns in confusion.

                                  RON

                    Harry's never traveled by Floo
                    Powder before, Mum.

                                    HARRY

                    Floo Powder?
       Just then, Ron's older brother PERCY enters.

                                  MRS. WEASLEY

                    Percy. Would you mind going
                    first, so Harry can see how it's
                    done?

                                  PERCY

                    Certainly, Mother. Don't worry,
                    Harry. It's simple enough.

                                                       (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    16.




24   CONTINUED:                                                     24




     Percy takes a pinch from the pot, pitches it into the
     fireplace and BRIGHT GREEN FLAMES ROAR HIGH. To Harry's
     amazement, he calmly walks... straight into them.




                                  PERCY

                  Diagon Alley.
     Percy VANISHES.     Tentatively, Harry reaches into the pot.

                                MRS. WEASLEY

                  Remember to speak clearly, dear!

                                RON

                  And mind you get out at the right grate!

                                HARRY

                          (nodding, unsure)
                  D-Dia-gon Alley!




25   INT. SPIRALING TUNNEL                                          25

     The SOUND is DEAFENING as Harry hurtles forward,
     squinting against the sting of WHIRLING SOOT and the mad,
     flickering lights of passing fireplaces. He falls face
     forward...




26   INT. BORGIN AND BURKES - STONE FIREPLACE - DAY                 26

     ... onto a stone hearth. Dizzy and dirty, Harry reclaims
     his shattered glasses. He's tumbled into a wizard's
     shop, but a decidedly creepy one. He starts to exit,
     when a WITHERED HAND in a GLASS CASE catches his eye:
     The Hand of Glory. Nearby, an OPAL NECKLACE gleams:
     Caution: Do not touch. Cursed--Has Claimed the Lives of
     Nineteen Muggle Owners to Date. Oddly transfixed by it
     all, Harry drifts toward the exit, when...

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                           17.





26   CONTINUED:                                                  26




     DRACO MALFOY and his father, LUCIUS MALFOY, appear beyond
     the front window, approaching the shop. Harry glances
     about, spies a LARGE BLACK CABINET and slips inside. As
     he pulls the doors closed, a TINY CARD swings INTO VIEW:
     Crushing Cabinet.
     Malfoy and his father enter. A stooped man (MR. BORGIN)
     emerges from the back room. IN THE CABINET, Harry
     watches, unaware that the walls around him are... SLOWLY

     CLOSING IN.


                                MR. BORGIN

                  Mr. Malfoy! What a pleasure to
                  see you again. If I may, just in
                  today --

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  I'm not buying today, Mr. Borgin.
                  But selling.

                                 MR. BORGIN

                  Selling?

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  You have heard, of course, that
                  the Ministry of Magic is
                  conducting more raids. There are
                  even rumors of a new Muggle
                  Protection Act...
     Lucius unravels a roll of parchment, hands it to Borgin.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  I have a few... ah... items at
                  home that might prove embarrassing
                  if the Ministry were to call.
                  Certain poisons and the like...

                                 MR. BORGIN

                  Hmmm... yes.   I see...
     INSIDE THE CABINET, Harry realizes the walls are CLOSING
     IN. His eyes shift upward. The ceiling is DROPPING.
     Draco drifts to the Hand of Glory, reaches out, when...
     the HAND GRABS HIM. Draco shrieks, manages to slip free,
     then calms. He eyes the hand with malicious glee.

                                DRACO

                  Can I have this?

                                                  (CONTINUED)





                                                             18.





26   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             26





                                MR. BORGIN

                  Ah, the Hand of Glory. Insert a
                  candle and it gives light only to
                  the holder. Best friend of
                  thieves and plunderers. Your son
                  has fine taste, sir.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  Hopefully my son will amount to
                  more than a thief, Mr. Borgin.
                  Though if his marks don't pick
                  up --

                                DRACO

                  It's not my fault the teachers
                  have favorites. That Hermione
                  Granger --

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  I would have thought you'd be
                  ashamed that a girl of no
                  wizarding family beat you in every
                  exam.

                                MR. BORGIN

                  It's the same all over. Wizard
                  blood is counting for less
                  everywhere.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                          (deadly)
                  Not with me.
     INSIDE THE CABINET, Harry's knees are up under his chin...
     Borgin checks off one last time, then returns the
     parchment to Lucius. Satisfied, Malfoy nods.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  Very good. I'll expect you at the
                  manor tomorrow. Come, Draco.
     They exit. As Borgin slips into the back room, the
     Crushing Cabinet's doors FLY OPEN and Harry leaps free.
     Inside, the walls, floor, and ceiling SNAP SHUT! Borgin
     reappears, blinks curiously at Harry, then watches him
     RACE out the door.




27   EXT. KNOCKTURN ALLEY - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                    27

     Once outside, Harry fits his broken glasses to his face,
     eyes a STREET SIGN: "KNOCKTURN ALLEY."

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              19.





27   CONTINUED:                                                     27




     The vendors here clearly cater to the Dark Arts:
     SHRUNKEN HEADS, POISONOUS CANDLES. One window teems with

     SPIDERS.





                                AGED WITCH (O.S.)

                  Not lost are you, my dear?
     Harry wheels, looking into the mossy teeth of a decrepit
     WITCH. She holds a tray of HUMAN FINGERNAILS.

                                HARRY

                  I'm fine, thanks. I'm just --

                               HAGRID

                  HARRY! What d'yer think yer doin'
                  down 'ere?

                               HARRY

                  Hagrid!
     Hagrid knocks the tray from the cursing Witch's hands,
     then seizes Harry by the scruff of the neck and steers
     him away.




28   EXT. DIAGON ALLEY - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAY                    28

     Hagrid swats at Harry's sooty clothes.

                                HAGRID

                  Yer a mess! Skulkin' 'round
                  Knockturn Alley. Dodgy place,
                  Harry. Don't want no one ter see
                  yeh down there. People'll be
                  thinkin' yer up ter no good.

                                HARRY

                  I was lost, I -- Hang on. What
                  were you doing down there?

                                HAGRID

                  I was lookin' fer a Flesh Eatin'
                  Slug Repellent. They're ruinin'
                  the school cabbages.

                               HERMIONE (O.S.)

                  Harry!
     Harry looks up, sees HERMIONE GRANGER standing at the top
     of Gringotts' white steps. She runs down to meet them.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                             20.





28    CONTINUED:                                                   28





                                 HERMIONE

                   Hello, Hagrid. Oh, it's wonderful
                   to see you two again.



      She stops then, cocks her head curiously at Harry, then
      takes out her wand and points it directly between his
      eyes.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Oculus Reparo.
      Instantly, Harry's glasses are mended.

                                 HARRY

                   I need to remember that one.

                                  HERMIONE

                   C'mon.   Everyone's been so worried.
      Hermione leads them to Gringotts, where Hermione's rather
      nervous-looking Muggle parents stand with the Weasleys.

                                 MR. WEASLEY

                   So you're dentists! Fascinating!
                   I understand other Muggles quite
                   fear you? Why is that?

                                 MRS. WEASLEY

                   Oh, Harry. Thank goodness. We
                   hoped you'd only gone one grate
                   too far. Come now. We're off to
                   Flourish and Blotts.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Isn't it thrilling! Gilderoy
                   Lockhart's going to be there! We
                   can actually meet him! I mean,
                   he's written almost the whole
                   booklist!
      As Mrs. Weasley and Hermione dash off, Harry frowns.

                                 HARRY

                   Who?




29    OMITTED                                                      29





29A   EXT. FLOURISH AND BLOTTS - DAY                               29A

      CLOSE-UP: GILDEROY LOCKHART. A handsome, golden-haired
      wizard with stunning pearl-white teeth. He miles, winks
      at the camera.

                                                (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   21.




29A   CONTINUED:                                                    29A




      DOLLY BACK to reveal that the image of Lockhart is
      actually a MOVING PHOTOGRAPH propped in the window. A
      PLACARD declares: HERE TODAY! SIGNING COPIES OF HIS

      AUTOBIOGRAPHY, MAGICAL ME... GILDEROY LOCKHART!








30    INT. FLOURISH AND BLOTTS - DAY                                30

      Harry and the others thread their way through a
      CHATTERING THRONG of MIDDLE-AGED LADIES, all craning
      their necks for a view of Lockhart, who sits signing
      books at the rear of the shop. At the sight of him, Mrs.
      Weasley pats her hair.

                                  MRS. WEASLEY

                   There he is!

                                 RON

                   Mum fancies him.
      For this, Mrs. Weasley gives Ron a jab in the shoulder.
      A SHORT MAN WITH A CAMERA bumps past.

                                 SHORT MAN

                   Out of the way! This is for The
                   Daily Prophet!
      Instantly, Lockhart looks up, flashes a smile, when...

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   It can't be Harry Potter?
      The crowd WHISPERS excitedly as Lockhart dives forward,
      seizes Harry's hand and turns him toward the
      photographer.

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                           (under his breath)
                   Nice big smile, Harry. Together,
                   you and I rate the front page.
                           (as the CAMERA FLASHES)
                   Ladies and gentlemen! What an
                   extraordinary moment this is!
                   When young Harry here stepped into
                   Flourish and Blotts this morning
                   to purchase my autobiography,
                   Magical Me -- which, incidentally
                   is celebrating its twenty-seventh
                   week atop The Daily Prophet's
                   Bestseller List -- he had no idea
                   that he would, in fact, be leaving
                   with my entire collected works!
                   Free of charge!

                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   22.




30   CONTINUED:                                                    30




     As the crowd CLAPS, Lockhart catches the eye of a FLUNKY
     and, before Harry knows it, a towering stack of books is
     shoved into his arms. Mortified, Harry mumbles quietly.




                                  HARRY

                  Thank you.
     Slipping free, Harry drifts back into the crowd and, red
     with embarrassment, drops the books into Ginny's
     cauldron.

                                HARRY

                  You have these. I'll buy my
                  own --

                                DRACO

                          (appearing, sneers)
                  Bet you loved that, didn't you,
                  Potter? Famous Harry Potter.
                  Can't even go into a bookshop
                  without making the front page.

                                GINNY

                  Leave him alone! He didn't want
                  all that!

                                  DRACO

                  Look, Potter.    You've got yourself
                  a girlfriend!

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              23.





30   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              30





                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  Silence, Draco! Ah... Mr. Potter.
                  I don't believe we've met.



     Lucius Malfoy extends his hand, as if offering to shake
     Harry's, but instead gently plays his fingers over the
     fringe of Harry's scalp, revealing Harry's LIGHTNING BOLT
     SCAR. At his touch, Harry withdraws, ever so slightly.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  Forgive me, Mr. Potter. But your
                  scar is legend. As, of course, is
                  the wizard who gave it to you.

                                HARRY

                  He was a murderer.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  Yes, a pity about your parents.
                  Curious that you yourself should
                  escape with a mere flesh wound.
                  Curious, too, that you speak of
                  him in the past. Surely, you
                  don't think He-Who-Must-Not-Be-
                  Named is gone forever.

                                HARRY

                  His name is Voldemort.
     Those within earshot gasp as Harry utters the word.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  You must be very brave, Mr.
                  Potter, to dare speak his name.
                  Or foolish.

                                HERMIONE

                  Fear of a name only increases fear
                  of the thing itself.
     Lucius Malfoy's eyes slide, find Hermione staring
     defiantly.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  You must be Miss Granger. Draco's
                  told me all about you... and your
                  parents. Muggles, aren't you?
     Mr. and Mrs. Granger nod nervously. Lucius Malfoy can
     barely disguise his distaste for them. Arthur Weasley
     hurries over.

                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 5/14/02                    24.




30   CONTINUED:    (3)                                              30





                                MR. WEASLEY

                  Ron! Harry! It's mad in here.
                  Let's go outside.




                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  Well, well, well -- Arthur
                  Weasley.

                                  MR. WEASLEY

                            (stiffly)
                  Lucius.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  Busy time at the Ministry. All
                  those raids. I hope they're
                  paying you overtime.
     Malfoy reaches into Ginny's cauldron, removes a very old,
     battered copy of A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  Obviously not. Dear me. What's
                  the use of being a disgrace to the
                  name of wizard if they don't even
                  pay you well for it.

                                MR. WEASLEY

                  We have a very different idea
                  about what disgraces the name of
                  wizard, Lucius.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                          (glancing at the
                           Grangers)
                  Clearly. The company you keep,
                  Weasley. And I thought your
                  family could sink no lower.
     Mr. Weasley moves to hit Lucius Malfoy. Hagrid steps
     forward, puts a firm hand on Mr. Weasley's shoulder.

                                HAGRID

                  Ignore 'im, Arthur.
     Mr. Weasley backs away. Lucius Malfoy tosses Ginny's
     BATTERED TEXTBOOK back into her cauldron.

                                LUCIUS MALFOY

                  Here, girl. Take your book. It's
                  the best your father can give you.
     Lucius and Draco exit.       Hagrid looks at the Weasleys.

                                                     (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 5/14/02                     25.




30    CONTINUED:    (4)                                               30





                                 HAGRID

                   No Malfoy's worth listenin' ter.
                   Rotten ter the core, the whole
                   family...



      As Harry watches Draco and his father go, we --

                                                DISSOLVE TO:





30A   OMITTED                                                         30A





30B   EXT. KING'S CROSS - MORNING                                     30B

      Amid a neat line of cars, the Anglia sits at a decidedly
      odd angle, as if its driver were not the most skilled
      motorist.




31    OMITTED                                                         31





32    INT. KING'S CROSS - DAY                                         32

      The Weasleys and Harry -- pushing large TROLLEYS -- dash
      under the LARGE CLOCK which reads two minutes to eleven.

                                MRS. WEASLEY

                   Oh dear! The train'll be leaving
                   any moment! All together now!
      Hurrying, they race to PLATFORMS NINE AND TEN. Quickly,
      Percy, Fred and George stride briskly toward the stone
      barrier that divides the platforms -- and simply

      DISAPPEAR.


                                   MRS. WEASLEY

                   Go on, Ginny.    You know what to
                   do.
      Ginny, looking a bit nervous, rushes toward the barrier,
      closes her eyes, and sleds...




32A   INT. PLATFORM NINE AND THREE QUARTERS - DAY                     32A

      ... out onto the other side. As she gazes at the
      HOGWARTS EXPRESS, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley materialize at her
      side.

                                                       (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02               26.




32A   CONTINUED:                                                 32A





                                  MRS. WEASLEY (O.S.)

                   Come, Ginny.   We'll get you a
                   seat.







32B   INT. KING'S CROSS                                          32B

      Ron glances at the clock.

                                 RON

                   We better hurry.
      Harry nods, leans into his trolley and -- CRASH! -- hits
      the barrier and bounces back into Ron. A GUARD glowers.

                                 GUARD

                   What in blazes d'you two think
                   you're doing?

                                 HARRY

                   Sorry. Lost control of the
                   trolley.
                           (to Ron)
                   Why can't we get through?

                                 RON

                   I dunno. The gateway's sealed
                   itself for some reason.
      As Ron presses his ear to the barrier, the CLOCK CHIMES.

                                 HARRY

                   The train leaves at exactly eleven
                   o'clock. We've missed it.

                                 RON

                   Can't hear a thing.
                           (a sudden thought)
                   Harry. If we can't get through,
                   maybe Mum and Dad can't get back.

                                 HARRY

                   Maybe we should go wait by the
                   car.

                                  RON

                   The car!




33    EXT. PARKING LOT (KING'S CROSS) - MOMENTS LATER            33

      Pushing their trolleys madly before them, Harry and Ron
      dash to the car, load their belongings into the Anglia's
      boot.

                                                 (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                  27.




33    CONTINUED:                                                   33





                                  HARRY

                   This is mad.   We can't drive to
                   Hogwarts.




                                 RON

                   Who says we're driving?

                                 HARRY

                   You don't mean -- Ron, no.

                                 RON

                   Look, who knows when Mum and Dad
                   will get back. And we've got to
                   get to school, haven't we? And
                   even underage wizards are allowed
                   to use magic if it's an absolute
                   emergency. Least that's what Fred
                   and George always say...

                                 HARRY

                   Something tells me we're going to
                   regret this.




33A   INT. ANGLIA - DAY                                            33A

      Ron TAPS his WAND on the dash and the Anglia burbles to
      life.

                              HARRY

                No offense, Ron, but are you sure
                you know how to fly this.

                                  RON

                   No problem.
      Ron SHIFTS.     With a GREAT JOLT, the car lifts from the
      ground.

                                 RON

                   There. See. Now I reckon all we
                   have to do is find the Hogwarts
                   Express and follow it. Simple.
      Harry nods, not entirely convinced. He peers out the
      window. Down below, TWO PEDESTRIANS stare in disbelief.

                                 HARRY

                   Uh, Ron. I should tell you.    Most
                   Muggles aren't accustomed to
                   seeing a flying car.

                                  RON

                   Right.
      Ron presses a TINY SILVER BUTTON on the dashboard and
      they... DISAPPEAR. Down below, the baffled pedestrians
      blink.




                                                           28.





34   EXT. FLYING CAR (SCOTLAND) - DAY (LATER)                    34




     CAMERA STARTS IN the clouds, passes through, finds
     Scotland's stunning green. The Anglia's ENGINE PUTTERS
     softly, when -- POP! - the car reappears. Ron jabs at
     the silver button.




                             RON

               Uh oh. The Invisibility Booster
               must be faulty.
     CAMERA ZOOMS ALONG the ridge of a cliff. The
     car reappears from above, gliding away FROM CAMERA.

                             RON

               Any sign of the train?

                              HARRY

               There!   Up ahead! Look...
     Along a STEEP BRIDGE, a single line of TRAIN TRACKS
     appear.

                             RON

               Brilliant.
     Ron SHIFTS, GLIDES DOWN, until the Anglia is only a few
     feet above the tracks. The boys peer ahead, looking for
     the train.

                             RON

               It must be around here
               someplace.
     Behind them, through the Anglia's rear window, the
     Hogwarts Express APPEARS, closing fast. Harry and Ron
     perk up. Smile.

                             HARRY

               Do you hear that?
     Then, at precisely the same moment, Harry and Ron
     register the DIRECTION of the sound. They glance at each
     other, turn as one and see the train GROWING HUGE in the
     rear window.

                             HARRY/RON

               Aaaahhhhh!
     Ron SPINS THE WHEEL, puts his foot to the gas and -- at
     the last possible second -- whips the Anglia out of the
     train's path. The car WAFFLES, TOPPLES upside down
     briefly, before...

                                                 (CONTINUED)





                                                             29.





34   CONTINUED:                                                    34




     ... TILTING onto its side. As it jets under the bridge,
     Harry goes SLIDING DOWN ACROSS HIS SEAT, into the door,
     and... OUT. Dangling upside-down from the open door, he
     watches the Hogwarts Express ZIP PAST and, in one window,
     glimpses NEVILLE and SEAMUS, mouths open in astonishment.

                                  RON

                  Take my hand!
     Harry's grips Ron's hand, eyes the train steaming far
     below. It's quite a drop. Harry's fingers begin to LOSE

     THEIR GRIP.


                                  RON

                  Hold on!

                                 HARRY

                  I'm trying!   Your hand's all
                  sweaty!
     Straining, Ron yanks him inside, levels off the car. As
     Harry falls heavily into his seat, he BUCKLES his safety
     belt.

                                HARRY

                  I think we found the train.




35   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - FLYING CAR - NIGHT                     35

     As HOGWARTS CASTLE comes INTO VIEW, the Anglia ENTERS

     FRAME.


                                RON

                  Welcome home, Harry.
     Harry smiles at the sight of it, when... the Anglia

     GROANS.


                                HARRY

                  Just out of interest, Ron. Have
                  you ever landed a car before?

                                RON

                  Well... no. but, until a few
                  hours ago, I'd never taken off in
                  one either.
     With that, the car LURCHES, the nose DROPS, and...

                                  RON

                  Uh oh.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                               30.





35   CONTINUED:                                                      35




     ... Harry, Ron and car go pitching through the night. As
     Ron rakes the GEARS, they hurtle madly toward the CASTLE

     WALL.





                                RON


                  IT'S NOT WORKING!


                                  HARRY


                  UP!   UP!

     Ron SHIFTS desperately. The Anglia LURCHES up, barely
     clears the castle wall. Harry and Ron exchange a look of
     relief, when... the car GROANS again, LURCHES...
     downward.

                                HARRY


                  MIND THAT TREE!

     Down below a GIANT WILLOW TREE looms.       Ron SHIFTS.
     Nothing.

                                  HARRY


                  TURN!   TURN!

     Harry reaches over and, together, he and Ron SPIN THE
     WHEEL. It's useless. The car is heading straight for the
     tree. Desperately, Ron WHIPS OUT his wand and WHACKS THE

     DASHBOARD.


                                  RON


                  STOP!   STOP!   STOP!

     The wand SNAPS IN TWO and -- CRUNCH! -- car meets tree.
     Harry blinks. They hang dreamily, BALANCED on the

     HIGHEST LIMB.


                                  RON

                  My wand!    Look at my wand!

                                HARRY

                  Be thankful it's not your neck.
     THWUNMP! Something HEAVY HITS Harry's door, sends a
     SHUDDER through the car.

                                RON

                  What's happening?
     Slowly, they look up and, in disbelief, watch one of the
     tree's branches PULL BACK, CURL INTO ITSELF, and come
     LASHING FORWARD like a MASSIVE FIST. THWUMP!

                                                    (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02               31.




35   CONTINUED:    (2)                                           35





                                HARRY/RON

                  Aaaaahhhhh!
     The Anglia tilts crazily, slides backwards and FREE-FALLS
     through the air and... LANDS on lower grid of branches.

                                RON

                  What kind of tree is this?
     Before Harry can respond, the tree begins to PUMMEL THE
     CAR from all sides, tossing Henry and Ron about like
     popcorn. WINDOWS SHATTER. Heavy DENTS appear on the
     roof above Ron and Harry's heads. Then the car FALLS
     again...
     ... SLAMMING HEAVILY TO THE GROUND. Instantly, the
     tree's lower branches shoot through the front and rear
     windscreens and, gaining purchase, begin to SHAKE THE CAR

     BACK AND FORTH.


                                HARRY/RON

                  Aaaaahhhhh!
     The tree PITCHES the car into the air. As the Anglia
     SLAMS DOWN again, bobbing on its SQUEALING SHOCKS, the
     ENGINE BURBLES BACK TO LIFE. Harry LOOKS UP, peering
     through the shattered windscreen. The willow's branches,
     as one, rear back, ready for one last punishing blow.
     Harry CRIES OUT.

                                 HARRY

                  Reverse!   Reverse!
     Ron SHIFTS, the CAR SHOOTS BACKWARDS, and the willow
     PUMMELS THE TREAD-MARKED GROUND they just vacated.
     Safely clear, the doors fly open, the seats tip sideways,
     and Ron and Harry are ejected. As they hit the ground,
     their trunks fly from the boot, Hedwig's cage rockets out
     the back window, and Hedwig herself flaps into the night.
     Taillights blazing angrily, the BATTERED car speeds off,
     fishtailing into the Dark Forest.

                                RON

                  Dad's going to kill me.
     They hear a TREMENDOUS GROAN, turn back, and see the
     Whomping Willow assume its natural form, waiting for its
     next victim.

36   EXT. STONE STEPS/ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT                      36

     Filthy and bruised, Harry and Ron drag themselves up the
     steps. Behind them we see the mountain of student trunks
     and caged pets already brought up from the train.

                                               (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   32.




36   CONTINUED:                                                    36





                                HARRY

                  A house elf shows up in my
                  bedroom, we can't get through the
                  barrier to Platform Nine and Three
                  Quarters, we almost get killed by
                  a tree... clearly someone doesn't
                  want me here this year.

                                FILCH

                  Well, take a good look, lads...
     They stop. ARGUS FILCH stands at the top of the landing,
     his cat -- MRS. NORRIS -- twitching her tail at his feet.

                                FILCH

                  This night might well be the last
                  you spend in this castle.




37   INT. SNAPE'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER                           37

     CLOSEUP: The Evening Prophet ENTERS FRAME. The HEADLINE
     reads: FLYING FORD ANGLIA MYSTIFIES MUGGLES. Below the
     fold a PHOTO shows Harry and Lockhart at Flourish and
     Blotts. CAMERA PULLS BACK, PROFESSOR SEVERUS SNAPE
     stands at his desk, newspaper in hand as Harry and Ron
     stare with dread. Filch lurks in the doorway, eying them
     with pleasure.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                                33.





37   CONTINUED:                                                       37





                                SNAPE

                  You were seen! By no less then
                  seven Muggles. Do you have any
                  idea how serious this is? You
                  have risked the exposure of our
                  world. Not to mention the damage
                  you inflicted on a Whomping Willow
                  that has been on these grounds for
                  hundreds of years.

                                RON

                  Honestly, Professor Snape, I think
                  it did more damage to us.

                                SNAPE

                  Silence! I assure you, were you
                  in Slytherin and your fate rested
                  with me, the both of you would be
                  on the train home tonight. As it
                  is --

                                  ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

                  They are not.
     Harry and Ron turn. ALBUS DUMBLEDORE stands in the
     doorway. Alongside him is a distinctly annoyed PROFESSOR
     McGONAGALL.

                                HARRY

                  Professor Dumbledore.    Professor
                  McGonagall...

                                SNAPE

                  Headmaster, these boys have
                  flouted the Decree for the
                  Restriction of Underage Wizardry.
                  As such...

                                ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

                  I'm well aware of our bylaws,
                  Severus, having written more than
                  a few myself. However, as Head of
                  Gryffindor House, it is for
                  Professor McGonagall to determine
                  the appropriate action.

                                RON

                          (rising gloomily)
                  We'll go and get our stuff.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  What are you talking about, Mr.
                  Weasley?

                                                       (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    34.




37   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              37





                                RON

                  Well, you're going to expel us,
                  aren't you?



                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Not today, Mr. Weasley. But I
                  must impress upon both of you the
                  seriousness of what you have done.
                  I will be sending owls to both of
                  your families tonight. And you
                  will each get a detention.
     Snape casts a look of pure venom at Harry and Ron.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  Splendid. Now, I suggest we
                  return to the feast. There's a
                  delicious-looking custard tart I
                  want to sample.
     Rising, Harry spies an ENVELOPE on the floor. Taking it,
     he reads the back: "KWIKSPELL. A CORRESPONDENCE COURSE IN
     BEGINNER'S MAGIC." It's addressed to "MR. ARGUS FILCH."

                                 HARRY

                  Mr. Filch.   You dropped this...
     Filch turns, eyes the envelope with embarrassment, then
     snatches it from Harry's hand and stuffs it into his
     pocket.




38   OMITTED                                                        38





39   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - MORNING                                 39

     The Whomping Willow sulks in the courtyard, SLINGS strung
     about its injured branches. CAMERA CRANES OVER the
     castle walls, REVEALING the exterior of GREENHOUSE THREE,
     where students hurry inside for the beginning of class.




40   INT. GREENHOUSE THREE - MORNING                                40

     As Harry and Ron enter, SEAMUS, NEVILLE and some of the
     other Gryffindors hover nearby.

                                 NEVILLE

                  Detention.   On the first day?

                                SEAMUS

                  That must be some kind of record.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                             35.





40   CONTINUED:                                                    40





                                HERMIONE

                  I should think you'd count
                  yourself lucky that's all you got.




                                RON

                  I should think you'd mind your own
                  business.
     They glare at each other. PROFESSOR SPROUT, a squat
     little witch, TAPS her wand on a stack of POTS.

                                PROFESSOR SPROUT

                  Welcome to Greenhouse Three,
                  Second Years. Today, we will be
                  re-potting Mandrakes. Now, who
                  here can tell me the properties of
                  the Mandrake? Yes, Miss Granger.

                                HERMIONE

                  Mandrake, or Mandragora, is used
                  to return those who have been
                  transfigured to their original
                  state. It's also quite dangerous.
                  The Mandrake's cry is fatal to
                  anyone who hears it.

                                PROFESSOR SPROUT

                  Excellent. Ten points to
                  Gryffindor. As our Mandrakes are
                  only seedlings, their cries won't
                  kill yet. However, they will
                  knock you out for several hours.
                  That is why I have provided each
                  of you with a pair of earmuffs.
                  If you would then...
     Ron frowns. He's gotten a BRIGHT PINK FLUFFY pair. When
     the class is ready, Professor Sprout leads them to the
     GARDEN AREA. She grasps one of the TUFTY PLANTS before
     her... and pulls. Harry gasps. Instead of roots, a
     small, muddy, extremely ugly BABY pops out of the earth,
     leaves growing right out of its head. Neville's eyes
     ROLL BACK. He FAINTS.
     Professor Sprout plunges the BAWLING CREATURE deep into a
     POT, removes her earmuffs, and the others follow suit.
     Everyone save Neville, who lies stretched on the ground.

                                PROFESSOR SPROUT

                  Hm. Looks as though Mr.
                  Longbottom neglected his muffs.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                   36.




40   CONTINUED:    (2)                                            40





                                 SEAMUS

                  No, ma'am.   He's just fainted.

                                PROFESSOR SPROUT

                  Very well. We'll just leave him
                  then. Come now. Four to a tray,
                  plenty of pots to go round...




41   INT. GREAT HALL - LUNCH - DAY                                41

     Percy enters in the company of PENELOPE CLEARWATER, just
     as NEARLY HEADLESS NICK glides by.

                                PENELOPE CLEARWATER

                  There's Nearly Headless Nick.

                                PERCY

                  Hello, Sir Nicolas.

                                  NEARLY HEADLESS NICK

                  Hello, Percy.    Miss Clearwater.
     At the Gryffindor table, Hermione has her nose buried in
     Gilderoy Lockhart's Travels with Trolls. Ron runs gobs
     of Spellotape over his BROKEN WAND, shakes his head
     grimly.

                                 RON

                  Say it.   I'm doomed.

                                HARRY

                  You're doomed.
     FLASH! -- a LIGHT BLINDS Harry. He blinks, finds a small
     boy (COLIN CREEVEY) standing before him with a CAMERA.

                                COLIN

                  Hiya, Harry. I'm Colin Creevey.
                  I'm in Gryffindor too.

                                  HARRY

                  Hello, Colin.    Nice to meet --

                                COLIN

                  They're for my dad -- the
                  pictures. He's a milkman, you
                  know, a Muggle, like all our
                  family's been until me. No one
                  knew all the odd stuff I could do
                  was magic till we got my letter
                  from Hogwarts. Everyone just
                  thought I was mental.

                                                   (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                    37.




41   CONTINUED:                                                    41





                                  RON

                  Imagine that.

                                COLIN

                  Say, Harry. D'you think your
                  friend could take a photo of me
                  and you standing together? Ya'
                  know, to prove I've met you?
     Harry glances at Ron. He looks positively homicidal.
     Mercifully, just then, OWLS STREAM into the Hall.

                                  DEAN THOMAS

                  Post is here!
     One after another, the birds swoop gracefully down,
     clutching letters from home. All except one, who plops
     beak-first into Ron's soup. Errol.

                                RON

                  Bloody bird's a menace -- Oh...
                  no.

                                SEAMUS

                  Heads up, everyone. Weasley's
                  gotten himself a Howler.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02               37A.




41   CONTINUED:    (2)                                          41





                                NEVILLE

                  Go on, Ron. I ignored one from
                  my Gran once... and it was
                  horrible.



     Ron looks pale. Clutched in Errol's beak is a DAMP RED
     ENVELOPE. Hands shaking, he takes it, opens it, and...
     MRS. WEASLEY'S VOICE THUNDERS, sending plates and spoons
     rattling.

                                MRS. WEASLEY (V.O.)


                  RONALD WEASLEY! HOW DARE YOU


                  STEAL THAT CAR! I AM


                  ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED! YOUR


                  FATHER'S NOW FACING AN INQUIRY


                  AT WORK AND IT'S ENTIRELY YOUR


                  FAULT! IF YOU PUT ANOTHER TOE OUT


                  OF LINE WE'LL BRING YOU STRAIGHT


                  HOME!

                          (softening suddenly)
                  Oh, and Ginny dear.
                  Congratulations on making
                  Gryffindor. Your father and I are
                  so proud.
     Ginny, sitting a bit apart from the others, looks up
     shyly, then returns to the SMALL BLACK BOOK she's
     scribbling in. Ron watches the envelope RIP ITSELF TO
     PIECES, then endures HOWLS of LAUGHTER from the other
     House tables. Colin Creevey snaps a few photos. Harry
     looks sympathetically at Ron.

                                HARRY

                  Look at it this way. How much
                  worse can things get?




                                                          38.





42   INT. GILDEROY LOCKHART'S CLASSROOM - DAY                   42




     Gilderoy Lockhart paces before the class. Hermione and
     the girls hang on his every word, while Harry and Ron eye
     the LARGE, COVERED CAGE RATTLING mysteriously on his desk.




                             GILDEROY LOCKHART

               Let me introduce you to your new
               Defense Against the Dark Arts
               Teacher. Me. Gilderoy Lockhart,
               Order of Merlin, Third Class,
               Honorary Member of the Dark Force
               Defense League and five times
               winner of Witch Weekly's Most-
               Charming-Smile Award -- But I
               don't talk about that. I didn't
               get rid of the Bandon Banshee by
               smiling at her!
     Lockhart awaits laughter.   A few students smile weakly.

                             GILDEROY LOCKHART

               I see you've all bought a complete
               set of my books. Well done. I
               thought we'd start today with a
               little quiz. Nothing to worry
               about. Just to check how well
               you've read them, how much you've
               taken in...
     Lockhart begins to circulate papers. Harry and Ron
     examine the questions. Ron WHISPERS to Harry.

                             RON

               Look at these questions.   They're
               all about him.

                             HARRY

               'What is Gilderoy Lockhart's
               favorite color?'

                             RON

               'What is Gilderoy Lockhart's
               greatest achievement to date?'

                             HARRY

               'When is Gilderoy Lockhart's
               birthday and what would his ideal
               gift be?'

                             GILDEROY LOCKHART

               You have thirty minutes. Start --
               now!
     As quills begin to dart across pages, we --

                                           DISSOLVE TO:





                                                    39.





SAME SCENE - LATER




Lockhart rifles through the completed exams.

                        GILDEROY LOCKHART

          Tut, tut. Hardly any of you
          remembered my favorite color is
          lilac. But Miss Hermione Granger
          knew that my secret ambition is to
          rid the world of evil and market
          my own range of hair care potions.
          Good girl.
Hermione beams.   Lockhart's expression suddenly darkens.

                        GILDEROY LOCKHART

          Now... be warned! It is my job to
          arm you against the foulest
          creatures known to wizardkind!
          You may find yourself facing your
          own worst fears in this room.
          Know only that no harm can befall
          you whilst I am here...
With a showman's flair, Lockhart turns slowly to the cage.

                        GILDEROY LOCKHART

          I must ask you not to scream. It
          might provoke them.
A pale Neville draws back. Harry and Ron lean forward.
Lockhart lets the tension build, then WHIPS off the
cover. Inside the cage are several electric blue
CREATURES. Eight inches tall, with pointed faces and
wings, they rattle the bars and pull bizarre faces at the
students.

                        SEAMUS

          Cornish pixies?

                        GILDEROY LOCKHART

          Freshly caught Cornish pixies.
Unable to control himself, Seamus SNORTS with laughter.

                        GILDEROY LOCKHART

          Laugh if you will, Mr. Finnegan,
          but pixies can be devilishly
          tricky little blighters. Let's
          see what you make of them now!
Lockhart flings open the cage. Instantly, the pixies
rocket about, spraying the students with ink bottles,
BREAKING BEAKERS and shredding books. Two SEIZE Neville
by the ears, lift him into the air, and begin to circle
the ceiling.

                                           (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    40.




42    CONTINUED:                                                     42





                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   Come on now, round them up, round
                   them up. They're only pixies.
                           (brandishing his wand)
                   Peskipiski Pesternomi!
      The spell has absolutely no effect. A particularly
      obnoxious pixie makes a face, seizes Lockhart's wand and
      tosses it out the window. Lockhart joins the stampede to
      the door.

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   I'll ask you three to just nip the
                   rest of them back into their cage.
      SLAMMING the door, he's gone. Harry, Ron and Hermione
      stand blinking. Ron swats a pixie gnawing his ear.

                                 RON

                   What do we do now?

                                 HERMIONE

                           (raising her wand)
                   Immobilus!
      The pixies FREEZE IN MIDAIR. Neville falls, PLOPS onto
      Lockhart's desk, shaken but unhurt. He looks at
      Hermione.

                                 NEVILLE

                   Why is it always me?




42A   OMITTED                                                        42A





42B   INT. SEVENTH FLOOR - CORRIDOR - LATER                          42B

      Fresh from the pixies, Hermione, Ron, Harry and Neville
      walk. Hair askew. Robes shredded.

                                 RON

                   Can you believe him?

                                 HERMIONE

                   I'm sure Professor Lockhart just
                   wanted to give us some hands-on
                   experience.

                                 HARRY

                   Hands on? Hermione, he didn't
                   have a clue what he was doing.

                                                      (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   41.




42B   CONTINUED:                                                    42B





                                 HERMIONE

                   Rubbish. Read his books. You'll
                   see all the amazing things he's
                   done.




                                 RON

                   He says he's done.




43    OMITTED                                                       43


&                                                                   &


44                                                                  44





45    EXT. HOGWARTS - COURTYARD - DAY                               45

      The Gryffindor Quidditch team -- Harry, Fred, George,
      ALICIA SPINNET, KATIE BELL, and ANGELINA JOHNSON -- trail
      Oliver Wood through the courtyard, toward the distant
      Quidditch pitch. Several students are outside, studying.

                                 WOOD

                   I spent the summer devising a
                   whole new Quidditch program.
                   We're going to train earlier,
                   harder, and longer!
                           (squinting)
                   What the... I don't believe it!
      Crossing the courtyard from the other side are SEVEN BOYS
      in GREEN ROBES, also carrying broomsticks. At their lead
      is MARCUS FLINT, trollish Slytherin Captain. Ron,
      sitting at a table with Hermione, looks up.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                               42.





45   CONTINUED:                                                      45





                                 RON

                  Uh-oh.   I smell trouble.

                                WOOD

                  Clear out, Flint! I booked the
                  pitch for Gryffindor today.

                                 FLINT

                  Easy, Wood.   I've got a note.
     As Wood snatches the PARCHMENT from Flint's hand, Ron and
     Hermione come up to join the others.

                                WOOD

                  'I, Professor Severus Snape, do
                  hereby give the Slytherin team
                  permission to practice today,
                  owing to the need to train their
                  new Seeker.'
                          (looking up)
                  You've got a new Seeker? Who?
     A pasty-faced boy pushes to the front.        It's... Malfoy.

                                HARRY

                  Draco?

                                DRACO

                  That's right. And that's not all
                  that's new this year...
     As one, the seven Slytherins hold out seven brand-new
     GLEAMING BROOMSTICKS. The Gryffindors look stunned.

                                RON

                  Those are Nimbus Two Thousand
                  Ones.

                                FLINT

                  A generous gift from Draco's
                  father.

                                DRACO

                  That's right, Weasley. You see,
                  unlike some, my father can afford
                  to buy the best.

                                HERMIONE

                  At least no one on the Gryffindor
                  team had to buy their way in.
                  They got in on pure talent.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              43.





45   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              45





                                DRACO

                  No one asked your opinion, you
                  filthy little Mudblood.



     Everyone reacts as if Malfoy has said something horrific
     -- everyone save Harry, who looks puzzled. Instantly,
     Fred and George fly for Draco's throat. Oliver Wood
     holds them back.

                                WOOD

                  Save it for the match.

                                RON

                  You'll pay for that one, Malfoy!
                          (whips out his wand)
                  Eat slugs!
     Ron points his cracked wand at Malfoy. PFFT! -- a BOLT
     of GREEN LIGHT scissors out the wrong end, hitting Ron
     himself in the stomach. As he drops to the grass,
     Hermione runs to him

                                 HERMIONE

                  Ron!   Say something!
     Ron opens his mouth and... BELCHES. Hermione draws back,
     and watches a TRIO of SLUGS dribble out his mouth. The
     Slytherins CROW with LAUGHTER. Angrily, Ron rises, only
     to BELCH again. Fascinated, Colin Creevey runs up with
     his camera.

                               COLIN

                  Wow! Can you hold him still,
                  Harry?!

                                HARRY

                  Get out of the way, Colin!
                          (to Hermione)
                  Let's take him to Hagrid. He'll
                  know what to do.




46   INT. HAGRID'S HUT - DAY                                        46

     Hagrid rummages about, looking for something.

                                HAGRID

                  Got jus' the thing. Set 'im down
                  on that chair o'er there.
     As Ron sits, Hagrid pitches a BUCKET between his knees.
     Harry and Hermione glance up questioningly. Hagrid
     shrugs.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                           44.





46   CONTINUED:                                                  46





                                HAGRID

                  Better out than in. Who was he
                  tryin' ter curse anyway?




                                HARRY

                  Malfoy. He called Hermione, well,
                  I don't know exactly what it
                  means...

                                HERMIONE

                          (quietly)
                  He called me a Mudblood.

                               HAGRID

                  He didn'!
     Harry looks confused. Hermione glances at him, then
     away, obviously pained by this.

                                HERMIONE

                  It means dirty blood. Mudblood's
                  a really foul name for someone who
                  was Muggle-born. Someone with
                  non-magic parents. Someone...
                  like me. It's not a term one
                  usually hears in civilized
                  conversation.

                                HAGRID

                  Yeh see, Harry. There are some
                  wizards -- like Malfoy's family --
                  who think they're better than
                  everyone else 'cause they're what
                  people call pureblood.

                                HARRY

                  That's horrible.

                                RON

                          (BELCHES forth a
                           slug)
                  It's disgusting!

                                HAGRID

                  An' it's codswallop ter boot.
                  Dirty blood. There's 'ardly a
                  wizard today that's not half-blood
                  or less. If we 'adn't married
                  Muggles we'd've died out long ago.
                  Besides, they haven't invented a
                  spell our Hermione can't do...
                          (taking her shoulder)
                  Don' you think on it, Hermione.
                  Don' you think on it fer a minute.



     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/9/02                45/45A.




47   OMITTED                                                    47


&                                                               &


48                                                              48





49   INT. GILDEROY LOCKHART'S OFFICE - EVENING (HOURS LATER)    49




     CAMERA PANS the walls of Lockhart's office, lined with
     FRAMED PHOTOGRAPHS of... Gilderoy Lockhart. Harry and
     Lockhart work by candlelight at an ornate desk. Bleary-
     eyed, Harry addresses envelopes, while a cheery Lockhart
     puts his signature to the stack of GLOSSY PHOTOS bearing
     his image.

                             GILDEROY LOCKHART

               Harry, Harry, Harry... Can you
               possibly imagine a better way to
               serve detention than by helping me
               answer my fan mail?
     Harry forces a smile.

                             GILDEROY LOCKHART

               Fame's a fickle friend, Harry.
               Celebrity is as celebrity does.
               Remember that.
     Harry nods, glancing gloomily at the towering stack of
     envelopes that remain. Dipping his quill, he starts to
     write, when... a CHILLY VOICE fills the room.

                             VOICE

               Come... come to me...

                                                 (CONTINUED)





                                                             49.





49    CONTINUED:                                                   49





                                HARRY

                   What?

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   I was saying, six solid months at
                   the top of the bestseller list!
                   Broke all records!

                                 HARRY

                   No... not you, that... voice.

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   Voice?

                                 HARRY

                   That... voice. Didn't you hear
                   it?

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   What are you talking about, Harry?
                   I think we're getting a bit
                   drowsy. Great Scott -- and no
                   wonder -- look at the time! We've
                   been here nearly four hours!
                   Dinner's nearly done! If you
                   hurry you might make pudding.
                   Spooky how the time flies when
                   one's having fun!

                                HARRY

                   Spooky.




49A   INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                        49A

      Harry passes quickly through the lengthening shadows of
      the empty corridor, when...

                                 VOICE

                   Blood... I smell blood...
      Harry stops cold, looking around for the source of the
      voice.

                                 VOICE

                   Let me rip you... let me kill
                   you...
      Harry steps to the wall, playing his fingers along the
      stone, then begins walk, slowly at first, then more
      quickly, as if following something, moving faster and
      faster, rounding the corner and coming face to face
      with... Hermione and Ron.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                       47.




49A    CONTINUED:                                                          49A





                                   HERMIONE

                    Harry!

                                  HARRY

                    Did you hear it?

                                   RON

                    Hear what?

                                  HARRY

                    That... voice.

                                   HERMIONE

                    Voice?   What voice?

                                  HARRY

                            (eyes darting around)
                    I heard it first in Lockhart's
                    office and then again, just --

                                  VOICE

                    Kill... Time to kill...
       As Harry stiffens, Hermione and Ron study him curiously.

                                   HARRY

                    It's moving.   I think it's going
                    to... kill.
       Harry runs off.       Hermione and Ron exchange a glance,
       follow.




50     OMITTED                                                             50

thru                                                                       thru

57                                                                         57





58     INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - MOMENTS LATER                               58

       Harry dashes madly, taking the steps three at a time.          He
       makes the landing, rushes through the archway, and...




59     INT. SECOND FLOOR CORRIDOR - SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT                   59

       ... sleds to a stop, listening: Nothing. Slowly, he
       peers down. WATER is oozing over the stone floor,
       surrounding his shoes. His own REFLECTION appears and,
       behind it, undulating like a dream... WORDS. Ron and
       Hermione come huffing up.

                                                        (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                 48.




59   CONTINUED:                                                  59





                                RON

                  Harry, what are you doing?
     He points. SHIMMERING on the wall are the words he saw
     reflected in water.

                  THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS HAS BEEN OPENED


                     ENEMIES OF THE HEIR... BEWARE.


                                HERMIONE

                  'The Chamber of Secrets has been
                  opened...?'

                                 RON

                  What's that?   Hanging underneath?

                                HARRY

                  That's Filch's cat.   Mrs. Norris.
     The cat hangs stiffly by her tail from a torch bracket,
     eyes open and blank. Harry's eyes shift to the adjacent
     WINDOW: near the topmost pane, SPIDERS scuttle up a
     silvery thread, fight to get through a crack in the
     glass.

                                HERMIONE

                  Look at that. Have you ever seen
                  spiders act like that? Ron...?

                                RON

                          (backing away)
                  I... don't... like... spiders.
     Suddenly, the stairwell is alive with VOICES and, seconds
     later, dozens of students stream forth, CHATTERING...
     when they stop, seeing the wall and, standing before it,
     Harry, Ron and Hermione. A thudding SILENCE falls. Then
     Draco pushes forward, eyes the wall, and grins nastily.

                                DRACO

                  Enemies of the heir, beware!
                  You'll be next, Mudbloods!
     Draco's eyes find Hermione, just as Filch appears.

                                FILCH

                  What's going on here? Go on now!
                  Make way...
                          (stopping dead)
                  Mrs. Norris!
                          (rounding on Harry)
                  You! You've murdered my cat!
                  I'll kill you! I'll --

                                                  (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   49.




59   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             59





                                DUMBLEDORE

                  Argus!
     Dumbledore marches forward, trailed by a phalanx of
     teachers. Seeing the wall, Dumbledore's face darkens.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  Everyone will proceed to their
                  dormitories immediately.
                          (to Harry, Ron,
                           Hermione)
                  Everyone except you three.
     As the corridor empties, Dumbledore steps to the wall
     and, with extreme gentleness, removes Mrs. Norris.

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  It was definitely a curse that
                  killed her -- probably the
                  Transmogrifian Torture.
                  Encountered it myself once, in
                  Ouagadougou. The full story's in
                  my autobiography...

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  She's not dead, Argus. She's been
                  Petrified.

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  Precisely! So unlucky I wasn't
                  there. I know the very
                  countercurse that could have
                  spared her...

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  But how she's been Petrified... I
                  cannot say.

                                FILCH

                          (pointing at Harry)
                  Ask him! It's him that's done it.
                  You saw what he wrote on the wall!
                  Besides, he knows I'm -- I'm a
                  Squib.

                                HARRY

                  It's not true, sir! I swear! I
                  never touched Mrs. Norris -- And I
                  don't even know what a Squib is.

                                 FILCH

                  Rubbish!   He saw my Kwikspell
                  letter!

                                                    (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    50.




59   CONTINUED:    (3)                                              59





                                SNAPE

                  If I might, Headmaster...
     The others turn, watch Snape separate from the shadows.




                                SNAPE

                  Perhaps Potter and his friends
                  were simply in the wrong place at
                  the wrong time...
                                     Could Snape be defending
     Harry and the others blink.
     them?

                                SNAPE

                  However, the circumstances are
                  suspicious. I, for one, don't
                  recall seeing Potter at dinner.

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  I'm afraid that's my doing,
                  Severus. You see, Harry was
                  helping me answer my fan mail...
     As Snape's lip curls in disgust, Hermione leaps in.

                                HERMIONE

                  That's why Ron and I went looking
                  for him, Professor. We'd just
                  found him when Harry said...

                                SNAPE

                          (raising an eyebrow)
                  Yes, Miss Granger?

                                HARRY

                  When I said I wasn't hungry. We
                  were heading back to the Common
                  Room and... found Mrs. Norris.
     Snape eyes Harry coldly, knowing he's lying. Harry looks
     away... and finds Dumbledore studying him as well.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  Innocent until proven guilty.

                                FILCH

                  My cat has been Petrified!     I want
                  to see some punishment!

                                                     (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                   51.




59    CONTINUED:    (4)                                            59





                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   We will be able to cure her,
                   Argus. As I understand it, Madam
                   Sprout has a very healthy growth
                   of Mandrakes. When they have
                   matured, a potion will be made
                   which will revive Mrs. Norris. In
                   the meantime, I advise caution.
                   To all.




60    OMITTED                                                      60





60A   INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (A BIT LATER)                          60A

      Harry, Ron and Hermione walk down the corridor.

                                 RON

                   A Squib's someone who's born into
                   a wizarding family but hasn't got
                   any powers of their own. It's why
                   Filch is trying to learn magic
                   from a Kwikspell course. It's
                   also why he hates students so
                   much. He's bitter.
      Hermione, who's only been half-listening -- as if trying
      to unravel something in her mind -- speaks then.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Harry. This voice.     You said you
                   heard it first in Lockhart's
                   office?

                                 HARRY

                   Yes.

                                 HERMIONE

                   And did he hear it?

                                 HARRY

                   He said he didn't.

                                 RON

                   Maybe he was lying.

                                 HERMIONE

                   I hardly think someone with
                   Gilderoy Lockhart's credentials
                   would lie to one of his students,
                   Ronald. Besides, if you recall,
                   we didn't hear anything either.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/14/02                 52.




60A   CONTINUED:                                                  60A





                                 HARRY

                   You do believe me, don't you?

                                 HERMIONE

                   'Course we do. It's just... it's
                   a bit weird, isn't it? You hear
                   this voice and then... Mrs. Norris
                   turns up Petrified.

                                 HARRY

                   I can't explain it -- it was...
                   scary.
                           (frowning)
                   D'you think I should've told them
                   -- Dumbledore and the others, I mean.

                                  RON

                   Are you mad!

                                 HERMIONE

                   No, Harry. Even in the wizarding
                   world, hearing voices isn't a good
                   sign.




61    OMITTED                                                     61




62    INT. PROFESSOR McGONAGALL'S CLASSROOM - MORNING
      McGonagall stands before the class. Resting on the desk
      in front of each student, is a different animal.
                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   Today, we will be turning animals
                   into water goblets.
      She taps the bird in front of her, three times, with the tip
      of her wand. It transfigures into a beautiful crystal water
      goblet.
                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   Now, who would like to go first...
                   Mr. Weasley?
      Ron nods. He TAPS his rat, Scabbers, who turns into a
      goblet with a tail.
                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   You must replace that wand, Mr.
                   Weasley.
      Ron nods sheepishly, looks at his broken wand.

                                                   (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                   53.




62   CONTINUED:    (A1)                                           62




     McGonagall sees Hermione's raised hand.     Her untouched
     animal.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Yes, Miss Granger?

                                HERMIONE

                  Professor, I was wondering if you
                  could tell us about the Chamber of
                  Secrets?
     A HUSH falls over the class.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  My subject is Transfiguration,
                  Miss Granger.

                                HERMIONE

                  Yes, Professor. But there seems
                  to be very little written about
                  the Chamber of Secrets. For those
                  of us with a personal interest in
                  the subject, that is...
                  disturbing.
     Malfoy regards Hermione with chilly amusement.
     McGonagall considers Hermione's question for a long
     moment, then nods.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Very well. You all know, of
                  course, that Hogwarts was founded
                  over a thousand years ago by the
                  four greatest witches and wizards
                  of the age:

                                (MORE)


                                                  (CONTINUED)





                                                            54.





62   CONTINUED:                                                   62




                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL (CONT'D)
                  Godric Gryffindor, Helga
                  Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and
                  Salazar Slytherin. Three of the
                  founders co-existed quite
                  harmoniously. One did not.

                                RON

                  Three glasses who?
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Salazar Slytherin wished to be
                  more selective about the students
                  admitted to Hogwarts. He believed
                  that magical learning should be
                  kept within all-magic families.
                  In other words, purebloods.
                  Unable to sway the others, he
                  decided to leave the school.
                          (a beat)
                  According to legend, Slytherin had
                  built a hidden chamber in this
                  castle, known as the Chamber of
                  Secrets. Shortly before
                  departing, he sealed it until that
                  time when his own true heir
                  returned to the school. The heir
                  alone would be able to open the
                  Chamber of Secrets and unleash the
                  horror within, and by so doing,
                  purge the school of all those who,
                  in Slytherin's view, were unworthy
                  to study magic.

                                  HERMIONE

                  Muggle-borns.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Yes. Naturally, the school has been
                  searched many times for such a
                  chamber. It has never been found.

                                HERMIONE

                  Professor, what exactly does
                  legend tell us lies within the
                  Chamber?
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  The Chamber is said to be home to
                  something which the heir of Slytherin
                  alone can control. It is said to be
                  home... to a monster.
     Ron's eyes shift.     Malfoy sits calmly, smiling to
     himself.



     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                 55.




63   INT. CORRIDOR - DAY                                         63




     Harry, Hermione, and Ron thread their way through the
     teeming corridor. Up ahead, Malfoy walks with Crabbe and
     Goyle.




                             RON

               D'you think it's true? D'you
               think there really is a Chamber of
               Secrets?

                             HERMIONE

               Yes. Couldn't you tell:
               McGonagall's worried. All the
               teachers are.

                             HARRY

               But if there really is a Chamber
               of Secrets, and it's really been
               opened, that means...

                             HERMIONE

               The Heir of Slytherin has returned
               to Hogwarts. The question is, who
               is it?

                             RON

                       (in mock puzzlement)
               Let's think. Who do we know who
               thinks Muggle-borns are scum.

                             HERMIONE

                       (eyeing Malfoy ahead)
               If you're talking about him --

                             RON

               Of course! You heard him:
               'You'll be next, Mudbloods'!

                             HERMIONE

               I heard him. But Malfoy?      The
               Heir of Slytherin?

                             HARRY

               Maybe Ron's right, Hermione. I
               mean, look at his family. The
               whole lot of them have been in
               Slytherin for centuries.

                             RON

               Crabbe and Goyle must know.     Maybe
               we could trick them into
               telling...

                                                   (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    56.




63   CONTINUED:                                                     63





                                HERMIONE

                  No. Even they aren't that thick.
                  But there might be another way.
                  Mind you, it would be difficult.
                  Not to mention we'd be breaking
                  about fifty school rules. And it
                  would be dangerous. Very
                  dangerous.

                                RON

                  When do we start?




64   INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT                                           64

     In a dark nook, Harry, Ron and Hermione huddle round a
     book entitled Moste Potente Potions. The spotted pages
     are littered with DISTURBING ILLUSTRATIONS.

                                HERMIONE

                  Here it is: 'The Polyjuice
                  Potion. Properly brewed, the
                  Polyjuice Potion allows the
                  drinker to transform himself
                  temporarily into the physical form
                  of another...'

                                RON

                  You mean, Harry and I drink some
                  of this stuff and we turn into
                  Crabbe and Goyle?

                                HERMIONE

                  Yes.

                                 RON

                  Wicked!   Malfoy'll tell us anything!

                                HERMIONE

                  Exactly. But it's tricky. I've
                  never seen a more complicated
                  potion. Lacewing flies, leeches,
                  fluxweed. And, of course, we'll
                  need a bit of whoever we want to
                  change into too.

                                RON

                  Hang on now. I'm drinking nothing
                  with Crabbe's toenails in it.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              57.





64   CONTINUED:                                                     64





                                HARRY

                  How long will it take to make?

                                HERMIONE

                  A month.

                                HARRY

                  A month? But if Malfoy is the
                  heir of Slytherin... he could
                  attack half the Muggle-borns in
                  the school by then.

                                HERMIONE

                  You didn't have to tell me that.




65   EXT. QUIDDITCH STADIUM - DAY                                   65

     We join the Quidditch match in mid-game. The CROWD
     ROARS, watching as Slytherin Chasers, bent low over their
     new brooms, jet past the overmatched Gryffindors.

                                HAGRID

                  Gallopin' Gorgons! Slytherin's
                  flyin' like they got dragon fire
                  in their brooms...
     Ron fumes, looking as though he takes Slytherin's
     dominance personally. Taking Hagrid's GIANT BINOCULARS,
     he trains them on the FACULTY BOX -- where Lucius Malfoy
     sits next to Snape.
     Harry circles high above the pitch, searching for the
     Golden Snitch. Suddenly, Malfoy streaks by overhead.

                                DRACO

                  All right there, Scarhead?
     Harry turns, eyes Malfoy malevolently. Behind him, a
     BLUDGER drops INTO FRAME, begins to streak toward his
     head.

                                 GEORGE


                  HARRY!   WATCH OUT!

     Harry wheels and at the last possible moment, slips the
     WHISTLING Bludger. CRACK! George swoops down, BATS it
     away. Harry turns, watches it soar away, then blinks:
     the Bludger turns, streaks right back at him. Harry JETS

     OFF.


                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                     58.




65   CONTINUED:                                                     65





                                HAGRID

                          (from the stands)
                  Blimey, Harry's got 'imself a
                  Rogue Bludger!




                                RON

                  Rogue Bludger?

                                HAGRID

                  Look fer yerself! It's bin'
                  tampered with!
     Harry executes a series of zigs, zags, loops and rolls,
     trying to shake the Bludger, but the Bludger is
     relentless.
     Ron instinctively draws his wand, begins to point it
     toward Harry and the Bludger, when... Hermione's hand
     intercedes. She glances knowingly at his fractured wand.

                                HERMIONE

                  You're joking, right? Besides,
                  even with a proper wand, it's too
                  risky. You could hit Harry.
     As Harry frantically dips and dives, Malfoy cruises by.

                                DRACO

                  Training for the ballet, Potter?
     Harry glances at Malfoy's sneering face. BUZZING inches
     above Malfoy's left ear is... the GOLDEN SNITCH. Harry
     CHARGES. Malfoy GULPS, swings clear, and watches Harry
     rocket past.
     As Harry chases the plummeting Snitch, Malfoy FOLLOWS IN
     HOT PURSUIT. They RACE DOWNWARD, trailing the HISSING
     SNITCH deep into the TRENCH circling the pitch. Shoulder
     to shoulder, they RACE MADLY, driving and dodging the
     wooden support beams that crisscross their path.
     Directly behind them, the Bludger FOLLOWS, SHATTERING the
     BEAMS as it dogs Harry.
     Malfoy KICKS Harry, forcing him to the edge of the
     trench. Harry BRUSHES the wall, battling for control.
     Malfoy turns, SNICKERS, then looks back... and finds
     himself heading smack into a wooden beam. Panicked, he
     tries to pull up. Too late. Broom meets beam and Malfoy
     spirals out of the trench and -- THWUMP! -- flat on his
     back in the middle of the pitch.

                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                     58A.




65   CONTINUED:    (1A)                                              65




     Harry continues on, CLOSING on the Snitch, fingertips
     only inches from catching it... when... the Rogue Bludger
     SMASHES INTO Harry's arm.



     Harry cries out, steadies himself and with a brilliant,
     acrobatic move, SNATCHES the Snitch out of the air with
     his good hand. Unable to control his broom with his
     shattered arm, he hits the pitch with a SICKENING THUD.
     Wincing, Harry rolls onto his shoulders, SQUINTS UP: a
     BLACK DOT -- growing rapidly LARGER -- is plummeting from
     the sky, directly toward him. It's... the rogue Bludger.
     Instantly, Harry spins away, grimacing in agony, as the
     Bludger...
     ... hits the ground like a SLEDGE HAMMER, violently
     TATTOOING the pitch again and again, only inches from
     Harry. Calmly, Hermione strides forth, points her wand.

                                HERMIONE

                  Finite Incantatem!
     The Bludger hangs briefly in the air. Slowly ceases
     spinning. Drops heavily to the pitch. Harry exhales,
     relieved, only to recall the searing pain in his arm. As
     CONCERNED FACES swim above him, one particular face
     pushes through the others:

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  Not to worry, Harry. I'll fix
                  that arm of yours straight away.

                                HARRY

                  No... no... not you.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                                59.





65   CONTINUED:    (3)                                                65





                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  Poor boy doesn't know what he's
                  saying. This won't hurt a bit...



     Lockhart TWIRLS his WAND, Harry braces himself, and...
     nothing. He blinks, looks up: the faces -- which now
     include Ron, Hermione, and Hagrid -- look horror-
     stricken.

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  Ah. Yes. Well, that can
                  sometimes happen. The point is,
                  the bones are no longer broken.

                                 HAGRID

                  Brok'n?   He doesn't 'ave any bones
                  at all!
     Harry looks:     his arm looks like an empty rubber glove.




66   INT. HOSPITAL WING - DAY                                         66

     A dazed Malfoy slumps out with Crabbe and Goyle. Ron,
     standing by Harry's bed with Hermione, grins, then
     watches MADAM POMFREY pour out a STEAMING BEAKERFUL OF
     LIQUID from a bottle of SKELE-GRO. A group of
     Gryffindors, including some of his teammates, stand
     nearby.

                                MADAM POMFREY

                  He should have been brought
                  straight to me! I can mend bones
                  in a heartbeat -- but growing them
                  back --

                                HERMIONE

                  You will be able to, won't you?

                                MADAM POMFREY

                  I'll be able to, certainly, but it
                  will be painful. You're in for a
                  rough night, Potter. Regrowing
                  bones is nasty business.
     Harry takes the steaming cup and drinks.       Grimaces.

                                MADAM POMFREY

                  Well, what did you expect --
                  pumpkin juice?
     FLASH!   Harry blinks, sees Colin Creevey standing there.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                     60.




66   CONTINUED:                                                     66





                                COLIN

                  That was brilliant today, Harry!
                  Brilliant!




                                MADAM POMFREY

                  Out! All of you! This boy's got
                  thirty-three bones to regrow!




67   INT. HOSPITAL WING - NIGHT                                     67

     Harry fidgets in the darkness, half-asleep, then... his
     eyelids flutter slowly open...




     HARRY'S MOVING POV

     From the shadows that cling to the ceiling... to the
     lattice-work of moonlight that burns softly on the walls
     around him...




     BACK TO SCENE

     He SENSES something... a presence... when...
     Five BANDAGED FINGERS ENTER FRAME, begin to SPONGE his
     brow. Harry bolts upright, finds...

                               HARRY

                  Dobby!

                                DOBBY

                  Harry Potter came back to school.
                  Dobby warned him. Harry Potter
                  should have listened to Dobby.
                  Harry Potter should have gone back
                  home when he missed the train.

                                HARRY

                          (pushing the sponge
                           away)
                  It was you! You stopped the
                  barrier from letting Ron and me
                  through!

                                DOBBY

                  Indeed yes, sir. Dobby hid and
                  watched for Harry Potter and
                  sealed the gateway.

                                HARRY

                  You nearly got Ron and me
                  expelled!

                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                  60A.




67   CONTINUED:    (A1)                                           67





                                DOBBY

                  At least you would be away from
                  here. Harry Potter must go home!
                  Dobby thought his Bludger would be
                  enough to make Harry Potter see --

                                HARRY

                  Your Bludger? You made that
                  Bludger chase after me?

                                                  (CONTINUED)





                                                              61.





67   CONTINUED:                                                     67





                                DOBBY

                  Dobby feels most aggrieved, sir.
                          (waggling his fingers)
                  Dobby had to iron his hands...




                                HARRY

                  You'd better clear off before my
                  bones come back, Dobby, or I might
                  strangle you!

                                DOBBY

                          (smiling weakly)
                  Dobby is used to death threats,
                  sir. Dobby gets them five times a
                  day at home.

                                HARRY

                  I don't suppose you could tell me
                  why you're trying to kill me?

                                DOBBY

                  Not kill you, sir, never kill you!
                  Dobby remembers how it was before
                  Harry Potter triumphed over He Who
                  Must Not Be Named. We house elves
                  were treated like vermin, sir. Of
                  course, Dobby is still treated
                  like vermin...
     Dobby HONKS his nose on the filthy pillowcase he wears.

                                HARRY

                  Why do you wear that thing, Dobby?

                                DOBBY

                  This, sir? 'Tis a mark of the
                  house elf's enslavement. Dobby
                  can only be freed if his master
                  presents him with clothes. The
                  family is careful not to pass
                  Dobby so much as a sock, sir, for
                  then he would be free to leave
                  their house forever.
     Dobby's ears QUIVER, detecting... FOOTSTEPS.       He

     WHISPERS.


                                DOBBY

                  Terrible things are about to
                  happen at Hogwarts! Harry Potter
                  must not stay here now that
                  history is to repeat itself!

                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                        62.




67   CONTINUED:    (2)                                                     67





                                HARRY

                  Repeat itself? You mean, this has
                  happened before?



     Dobby seizes the Skele-Gro, BEATS himself about the head.

                                HARRY

                  Tell me, Dobby? When did this
                  happen before? Who's doing it
                  now?

                                DOBBY

                  Dobby cannot say, sir. Dobby only
                  wants Harry Potter to be safe.

                                 HARRY

                                           Who is it?
                  No, Dobby!   Tell me!
     CRACK! Dobby is gone. SHADOWS flicker beyond the
     CURTAIN encircling Harry's bed. Harry slumps down...
     peers through a slit in the curtains. Dumbledore, in a
     nightcap, and McGonagall, in a tartan robe, heave a SMALL
     STATUE onto an empty bed. Seconds later, Madam Pomfrey
     bustles in.

                                MADAM POMFREY

                  What's happened?

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  There's been another attack.
     Madam Pomfrey GASPS. It is not a statue lying there.             It
     is Colin Creevey, CAMERA still clutched to his eye.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Perhaps he managed to get a
                  picture of his attacker...
     Dumbledore opens the camera.         A JET OF STEAM HISSES
     forth.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  What does this mean, Albus?

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  It means our students are in great
                  danger, Minerva. Mr. Creevey was
                  fortunate. If not for this...
                          (holding up the camera)
                  He would surely be dead.

                                                        (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02               62A.




67    CONTINUED:    (3)                                           67




                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   What sould I tell the staff,
                   Albus?




                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Tell them the truth. Tell them
                   Hogwarts is no longer safe. Tell
                   them it's as we feared. The
                   Chamber of Secrets is indeed open
                   again.




68    OMITTED                                                     68





68A   EXT. GIRLS BATHROOM                                         68A

      We PAN SLOWLY FROM the defiled wall to the bathroom door.




                                                        63.





69   INT. GIRLS BATHROOM - DAY                                  69




     A gloomy place. Cracked mirrors. Chipped sinks.
     Guttering candles. Harry and Ron huddle over a SMALL,
     BUBBLING CAULDRON, as Hermione adds STRANGE INGREDIENTS.




                             HERMIONE

               Again? You mean, the Chamber of
               Secrets has been opened before?

                             RON

               Of course! Don't you see? Lucius
               Malfoy must've opened it when he
               was at school here, and now he's
               told Draco how to do it.

                             HERMIONE

               Maybe. We'll have to wait for the
               Polyjuice Potion to know for sure.

                             RON

               Enlighten me. Why are we
               brewing this potion in broad
               daylight, in the middle of a
               girls' lavatory? Don't you think
               we'll get caught?

                              HERMIONE

               Never.   No one over comes in here.

                             RON

               Why?

                             HERMIONE

               Moaning Myrtle.

                             RON

               Who's Moaning Myrtle?
     There is a LOUD, PIERCING SCREECH, and the GHOST OF A

     YOUNG GIRL COMES RACING OUT OF THE WALL. FACE TO FACE

     with Ron.

                             MOANING MYRTLE

               I'm Moaning Myrtle. I wouldn't
               expect you to know me. Who
               would ever talk about fat, ugly,
               miserable, moping, moaning
               Myrtle?
     Myrtle SOBS LOUDLY, DIVES head first into the toilet.

                             HERMIONE

               She's a little sensitive.




                                                        64.





70   INT. GREAT HALL - DAY                                       70




     NOTICE-BOARD: DUELING CLUB! First Meeting Tonight. A
     GOLDEN STAGE has been erected. Lockhart struts atop it.
     Harry, Ron, Hermione and good number of other students
     watch.




                             GILDEROY LOCKHART

               Gather round! Gather round! Can
               everyone see me? Can you all hear
               me? Excellent. In light of the
               dark events of recent weeks,
               Professor Dumbledore has granted
               me permission to start this little
               Dueling Club, to train you all up
               in case you ever need to defend
               yourselves as I myself have done
               on countless occasions -- for full
               details, see my published works.
     The boy next to Harry, JUSTIN-FINCH FLETCHLEY, turns to
     him.

                             JUSTIN FINCH-FLETCHLEY

               That Lockhart's something, isn't
               he? Awfully brave chap.
                       (offering his hand)
               Justin Finch-Fletchley.
               Hufflepuff.

                             HARRY

               Nice to meet you. I'm --

                             JUSTIN FINCH-FLETCHLEY

               I know who you are. We all do.
               Even us Muggle-borns.
     Justin grins agreeably, looks back to the stage, where
     Professor Snape has joined Lockhart.

                             GILDEROY LOCKHART

               Let me introduce my assistant
               Professor Snape. He has
               sportingly agreed to help me with
               a short demonstration. Now I
               don't want any of you youngsters
               to worry. You'll still have your
               Potions Master when I'm through
               with him, never fear!

                             RON

               What's the fun in that?
     Lockhart and Snape face each other and bow. They turn,
     walk ten paces, then... SPIN... wands poised like swords.

                                               (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   65.




70   CONTINUED:                                                    70





                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  As you can see, we are holding our
                  wands in the accepted combative
                  position. On the count of three,
                  we will cast our first spells.
                  Neither of us will be aiming to
                  kill, of course.

                                HARRY

                          (eyeing Snape)
                  I wouldn't bet on that.

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  One-two-three --

                                  SNAPE

                  Expelliarmus!
     A dazzling flash of SCARLET LIGHT bursts forth and BLASTS
     Lockhart off his feet and into the wall behind.

                                HERMIONE

                  Do you think he's all right?

                                  HARRY/RON

                  Who cares?

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                          (rising unsteadily)
                  Well, there you have it. That was
                  a Disarming Charm. As you see,
                  I've lost my wand.

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                          (as Hermione returns it)
                  Ah, thank you, Miss Granger. Yes,
                  an excellent idea to show them
                  that, Professor Snape, but if you
                  don't mind my saying so, it was
                  very obvious what you were about
                  to do. If I had wanted to stop
                  you it would have been only too
                  easy...

                                SNAPE

                  Perhaps it would be prudent to
                  first teach the students to block
                  unfriendly spells, Professor.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                             66.





70   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             70





                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  An excellent suggestion, Professor
                  Snape. Let's have a volunteer
                  pair. Potter, Weasley, how about
                  you?

                                SNAPE

                  Weasley's wand causes devastation
                  with the simplest spells. We'll
                  be sending Potter to the hospital
                  wing in a matchbox. Might I
                  suggest someone from my own house.
                  Malfoy, perhaps.
     Malfoy and Harry eye each other malevolently as they take
     their places onstage. Grudgingly, they bow to each
     other.

                                DRACO

                  Scared, Potter?

                                  HARRY

                  You wish.
     They turn, walk ten paces, then WHIRL, wands poised.

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  Wands at the ready! When I count
                  to three, cast your charms to
                  disarm your opponent -- only to
                  disarm. We don't want any
                  accidents. One, two --
     Malfoy FIRES early, knocking Harry off his feet with a
     BLAST of WHITE LIGHT. He jumps up, points his wand.

                                  HARRY

                  Rictusempra!
     A jet of SILVER LIGHT hits Malfoy dead in the stomach.
     He doubles up, WHEEZING.

                                GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  I said disarm only!

                                  DRACO

                  Serpensortia!
     To Harry's horror, the tip of Malfoy's wand EXPLODES and
     a LONG BLACK SNAKE SLITHERS forth. Snape smiles with
     amusement.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              67.





70   CONTINUED:    (3)                                              70





                                SNAPE

                  Don't move, Potter.     I'll get rid
                  of it for you.




                               GILDEROY LOCKHART

                  Allow me!
     Lockhart flicks his wand.   BANG! The SNAKE flies into
     the air, HISSES in rage, and slithers straight towards
     Justin Finch-Fletchley. As students SCREAM, Harry --
     oddly calm -- approaches the snake. It rises, fangs
     exposed, poised to strike Justin.

                                HARRY

                          (in Parseltongue)
                  Leave him!
     The snake looks into Harry's eyes, then turns for Justin.

                                HARRY

                          (in Parseltongue)

                  LEAVE HIM!

     The snake hovers a moment more, then -- miraculously --
     slumps to the floor. Harry blinks, as if coming out of a
     trance, grins curiously at the snake, and offers his hand
     to Justin.

                                JUSTIN-FINCH-FLETCHLEY

                  What are you playing at?
     Terrified, Justin backs away. Confused, Harry eyes the
     faces around him. Malfoy looks shocked. Seamus and
     Neville's eyes glitter with fear. Ginny bolts the room.
     Snape waves his wand and the snake VANISHES in PUFF OF
     BLACK SMOKE, then regards Harry with a look that is both
     shrewd and calculating.

                                RON

                          (taking Harry's arm)
                  Come on. Move. Now.




71   INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - DAY (LATER)                      71

     Ron and Hermione usher Harry inside. Harry glances up,
     sees Ginny Weasley staring down at him from the top of
     the stairs. As their eyes meet, she turns for the girls'
     dormitory.

                                RON

                  You're a Parselmouth!    Why didn't
                  you tell us?

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                             68.





71   CONTINUED:                                                    71





                                HARRY

                  I'm a what?

                                HERMIONE

                  You can talk to snakes.

                                HARRY

                  I know. I mean, I accidentally
                  set a python on my cousin Dudley
                  at the zoo once. But so what? I
                  bet loads of people here can do
                  it.

                                HERMIONE

                  No. They can't. It's not a very
                  common gift, Harry. This is bad.

                                HARRY

                  What's bad? If I hadn't told that
                  snake not to attack Justin --

                                RON

                  Oh, that's what you said to it.

                                HARRY

                  You were there! You heard me!

                                RON

                  I heard you speaking Parseltongue.
                  Snake language.

                                HARRY

                  I spoke a different language? But
                  I didn't realize -- how can I
                  speak a language without knowing I
                  can?

                                HERMIONE

                  I don't know, Harry. But it
                  sounded like you were egging the
                  snake on or something. It was...
                  creepy.
     As Gryffindors stream into the room, they eye Harry
     warily. Even Seamus, Neville, and Dean Thomas walk by
     without a word.

                                HERMIONE

                  Harry, listen out me. There's a
                  reason the symbol of Slytherin
                  house is a serpent. Salazar
                  Slytherin was a Parselmouth. He
                  could talk to snakes too.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              69.





71   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              71





                                RON

                  Exactly. And now the whole
                  school's going to think you're his
                  great-great-great grandson or
                  something.

                                 HARRY

                  But I'm not.   I... can't be.

                                HERMIONE

                  He lived a thousand years ago.
                  For all we know... you could be.




72   EXT. HOGWARTS' LANDSCAPE - DAY                                 72

     A heavy snow falls. Harry sits atop one of the towering
     hills facing Hogwarts. Hedwig sits beside him.

                                HARRY

                  Who am I, Hedwig? What am I?




73   INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT                                           73

     The trio study.     Harry, burdened by dark thoughts, looks
     up at Ron.



     He smiles at Harry, then, seconds later, Hermione does
     the same -- something forced about it all. Unable to
     bear it, Harry gathers his books, gets up from the table.
     As Harry walks, students glance up, meet his gaze, then
     look away. Even MADAM PINCE eyes him from her desk.
     Ginny Weasley, tired and pale, scribbles furiously in a

     SMALL BLACK BOOK.

     Harry exits, walks into the hallway and pauses. From
     inside a room, the VOICES of a group of Hufflepuffs can
     be heard.

                                ERNIE

                  So, anyway, I told Justin to hide
                  up in our dormitory. I mean to
                  say, if Potter's marked him down
                  as his next victim, it's best he
                  keep a low profile for a while.

                                HANNAH

                  But why would he want to attack
                  Justin?

                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                     70.




73   CONTINUED:                                                      73





                                ERNIE

                  Justin let it slip to Potter that
                  he was Muggle-born.




                                HANNAH

                  And you definitely think Potter's
                  the Heir of Slytherin?

                                ERNIE

                  Hannah, he's a Parselmouth.
                  Everyone knows that's the mark of
                  a dark wizard. Have you ever
                  heard of a decent one who could
                  talk to snakes? They called
                  Slytherin himself Serpent-tongue.
                          (whispering darkly)
                  Remember what was written on the
                  wall: Enemies of the Heir Beware.
                  Potter had some sort of run-in
                  with Filch. Next thing we know,
                  Filch's cat's attacked. That
                  first-year Creevey's been annoying
                  Potter. Then Creevey's attacked.

                                HANNAH

                  He always seems so nice, though.
                  And, after all, he is the one who
                  made You Know Who disappear.

                                ERNIE

                  That's probably why You Know Who
                  wanted to kill him in the first
                  place. Didn't want another Dark
                  Lord competing with him.
     Harry doesn't need to hear anymore.        He slips quietly
     away.




74   INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                           74

     MUTTERING, Harry storms straight into Hagrid, who
     stands covered in snow, a DEAD ROOSTER dangling from
     his hand.

                                 HAGRID

                  All   righ', Harry?

                                HARRY

                  Hagrid... what're you doing
                  here?

                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                71.




74   CONTINUED:                                                  74





                                HAGRID

                          (holding up
                           the rooster)
                  Second one killed this term.
                  Reckon it's either foxes or a
                  Blood-Suckin' Bugbear. Need
                  Dumbledore's permission ter put a
                  charm round the hen-coop. Yeh
                  sure yeh're all righ', Harry? Yeh
                  look all hot an' bothered.

                               HARRY

                  It's nothing. I'd better get
                  going. I've got a lot of
                  studying...




75   INT. ANOTHER CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)               75

     Harry enters, slows. Up ahead, in the light of a
     FLICKERING TORCH, something DARK lies. A WINDOWPANE
     RATTLES in the WIND and the torch... goes out. Harry
     steps closer, finds...
     Justin-Finch-Fletchley. Lying rigid on the floor, a look
     of shock on his frozen face. Nearby, an inert Nearly
     Headless Nick floats, body teeming with BLACK SMOKE.
     Kneeling, Harry notices a TRAIL OF SPIDERS scuttling away
     from Justin's body and out the loose windowpane... when
     suddenly...
     ... Harry senses someone watching him, wheels:
     McGonagall.

                                HARRY

                  Professor, I swear I didn't --
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  This is out of my hands, Potter.
                  Mr. Filch, will you take care of
                  this, please?
     Harry's eyes shift. Filch lurks in the shadows beyond
     McGonagall. He steps forward, HISSES QUIETLY.

                                FILCH

                  Caught in the act. I'll have you
                  out this time, Potter. Mark my
                  words...
     As McGonagall leads Harry away, he looks back. Filch
     stares at Justin and Nick, then turns. CAMERA DOLLYS

     AWAY FROM HIM.


                                                (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                  72.




75   CONTINUED:                                                  75





                                FILCH

                  Dark magic. That's what you've
                  got, Potter. Even the air you
                  breathe comes out poison. You're
                  evil. Evil as they come...




76   INT. GARGOYLE CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)              76

     McGonagall marches Harry down to an UGLY STONE GARGOYLE.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Sherbet lemon.
     The Gargoyle SPRINGS TO LIFE, its wings opening.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Professor Dumbledore will be
                  waiting for you.
     McGonagall ushers Harry inside. It's an elevator. The
     Gargoyle's wings close. Harry rises to an upper floor.




77   INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - NIGHT                            77

     Harry steps out of the Gargoyle's embrace and enters a
     large, circular room. STRANGE SILVER INSTRUMENTS WHIR
     quietly. On a nearby shelf, the SORTING HAT sits. Harry
     casts a wary eye at the PAST HEADMASTERS snoozing in the
     PORTRAITS around him. In the last portrait, the
     Headmaster is awake, reading a book. He is PROFESSOR
     DIPPET. Harry approaches the Sorting Hat, glances
     around, then places it atop his head.

                                SORTING HAT

                  Bee in your bonnet, Potter?

                                HARRY

                  Well, you see, I was wondering...

                                                  (CONTINUED)





                                                           73.





77   CONTINUED:                                                  77





                                SORTING HAT

                  If I put you in the right house?
                  Yes... you were particularly
                  difficult to place. But I stand
                  by what I said last year... you
                  would have done well in Slytherin.
     Harry strips the hat off, tosses it back onto the shelf.

                                  HARRY

                  You're wrong!
     The hat sits motionless. Silent. Hearing a GAGGING
     SOUND, Harry wheels, finds an OLD, DECREPIT BIRD (FAWKES)
     sitting on a GOLDEN PERCH. It wobbles, then... BURSTS
     INTO FLAMES. As Dumbledore enters, Harry looks horror-
     struck.

                                HARRY

                  Professor, your bird... I couldn't
                  do anything... He just caught
                  fire.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  About time too. He's been looking
                  dreadful for days. Pity you had
                  to see him on a Burning Day. He's
                  really very handsome most of the
                  time.
                          (off Harry's look)
                  Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry.
                  Phoenixes burst into flame when it
                  is time for them to die and are
                  reborn from the ashes.
     Harry looks to the floor. The ASHES swirl. A baby
     Fawkes pokes out his wrinkled head, blinking through the
     dust.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  Fascinating creatures, phoenixes.
                  They can carry immensely heavy
                  loads, their tears have healing
                  powers, and they make highly
                  faithful pets.
     Just then, Hagrid -- still clutching the dead rooster --
     BURSTS through the door.

                                HAGRID

                  It wasn't Harry, Professor
                  Dumbledore!

                                                  (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                     74.




77   CONTINUED:    (2)                                               77





                                  DUMBLEDORE

                  Hagrid --

                                HAGRID

                  I was talkin' ter 'im jus' before
                  that kid was found. It can't've
                  bin 'im!

                                  DUMBLEDORE

                  Hagrid --

                                HAGRID

                  I'll swear ter it in front o' the
                  Ministry o' Magic --

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  HAGRID! I do not think that Harry
                  has attacked anyone.

                                  HAGRID

                  Oh. Right.     I'll wait outside
                  then.
     As Hagrid exits, Harry looks hopefully at Dumbledore.

                                HARRY

                  You don't think it was me,
                  Professor?

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  No, Harry. But I must ask you...
                  is there anything you'd like to
                  tell me. Anything at all?
     Dumbledore waits.        Harry debates.   Finally...

                                HARRY

                  No, Professor. Nothing.




78   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY                                      78

     Students drift into the snow with their trunks, heading
     home for holiday. As Harry, Ron, and Hermione appear,
     Ernie and few others cast wary glances.

                                FRED

                  Make way for the Heir of
                  Slytherin! Seriously evil wizard
                  coming through!
     Ron grins, amused, then sees Harry -- anything but.

                                                      (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                     75.




78   CONTINUED:                                                      78





                                RON

                  Oh, c'mon, Harry.     Fred's just
                  having a laugh.




                                HARRY

                  He's the only one.

                                RON

                  Okay, so half the school thinks
                  you're nipping off to the Chamber
                  of Secrets every night. Who
                  cares?

                                HARRY

                  Maybe they're right.

                                 HERMIONE

                           (reproachfully)
                  Harry!

                                HARRY

                          (frustrated)
                  I didn't know I could speak
                  Parseltongue. What else don't I
                  know about myself? Maybe you can
                  do something... even something
                  horrible... and not know you did
                  it.

                                HERMIONE

                  You don't believe that, Harry, I
                  know you don't. And if it makes
                  you feel better, I just heard
                  Malfoy's staying over for holiday,
                  too.

                                RON

                  Why would that make anyone feel
                  better?

                                HERMIONE

                  Because, in a few days, the
                  Polyjuice Potion's will be ready.
                  In a few days... we may truly know
                  who is the Heir of Slytherin.




79   INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT                                         79

     The Christmas Feast. The Hall glimmers grandly as
     snowflakes tumble from the ceiling. Harry and Ron sit
     with Hermione.

                                                      (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    75A.




79   CONTINUED:    (A1)                                              79





                                HERMIONE

                  Everything's set. We just need a
                  bit of who you're changing into.




                                HARRY

                  Crabbe and Goyle.

                                HERMIONE

                  And we also need to make sure that
                  the real Crabbe and Goyle can't
                  burst in on us while we're
                  interrogating Malfoy.

                               RON

                  How?
     Hermione holds up a pair of SMALL CAKES.

                                HERMIONE

                  I've got it all worked out. I've
                  filled these with a simple
                  Sleeping Draught. Simple, but
                  powerful.
     Ron glances at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who presently
     are eating everything in front of them.

                                HERMIONE

                  You know how greedy Crabbe and
                  Goyle are. They won't leave the
                  Christmas Feast until every last
                  drop of trifle is gone.

                                (MORE)


                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 11/20/01                  76.




79   CONTINUED:                                                      79





                                HERMIONE (CONT'D)

                  Now, once they're asleep, hide
                  them in a broom cupboard and pull
                  out a few of their hairs.




                                RON

                  And whose hair are you ripping out?

                                HERMIONE

                  I've already got mine.
     She removes a SMALL VIAL.     Inside is a TINY HAIR.

                                HERMIONE

                  Millicent Bulstrode. She's in
                  Slytherin. I got this off her
                  robes.
                          (rising)
                  All right then... I'm going to
                  check on the Polyjuice Potion.
     Hermione points to the cakes in front of her.

                                HERMIONE

                  Remember. Just make sure Crabbe
                  and Goyle find these.
     Hermione exits.     Ron looks at Harry.

                                RON

                  Have you ever heard of a plan
                  where so many things could go
                  wrong?

80   INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (A BIT LATER)                        80

     Harry and Ron, lurking behind a SUIT OF ARMOR, watch
     Crabbe and Goyle exit the Great Hall.
     Goyle spies the cakes instantly, perched      on the end of
     one of the banisters. Grabbing them, he       reluctantly
     surrenders one to Crabbe and, in unison,      they stuff them
     into their mouths. They pause. Look at        each other. And
     keel flat onto their backs.
     Harry and Ron dash out, drag Crabbe and Goyle across the
     floor and into a cupboard.




81   INT. GIRLS' BATHROOM - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                    81

     Hermione, wearing a Slytherin robe, hovers over a smoking
     cauldron. Harry and Ron enter.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 11/20/01                76A.




81   CONTINUED:                                                   81





                                HERMIONE

                  Did you get it?
     Harry and Ron hold up their hands. In each: a TUFT OF
     HAIR. Hermione points to a pair of SLYTHERIN ROBES.

                                HERMIONE

                  I sneaked those out of the
                  laundry.
     Harry and Ron nod, glance at the cauldron.    The potion
     resembles a thick, dark, bubbling mud.

                                                  (CONTINUED)





                                                               77.





81   CONTINUED:                                                      81





                                HERMIONE

                  I'm sure I've done everything
                  right. It looks like the book
                  said it should. Once we've drunk
                  it, we'll have exactly one hour
                  before we change back into
                  ourselves.

                                  RON

                  Now what?

                                HERMIONE

                  We separate it into three glasses
                  and add the hairs.
     Harry and Ron grimace.

                                                     CUT TO:





     CLOSEUP - THE POTION

     being poured into three glasses.
     CAMERA PULLS BACK. Harry and Ron have changed into the
     Slytherin robes. All three raise their glasses. Drop
     the hairs. The potion turns shades of YELLOW, BROWN, and

     KHAKI.


                                 RON

                  Ugh.   Essence of Crabbe...
     They nod.     DRINK.     Ron swallows grimly, doubles over.

                                RON

                  Think I'm gonna be sick...
     He runs into a stall. Harry looks sick, steps to a
     CRACKED MIRROR. Hermione pauses. Looks worried.
     Something's wrong...
     INSIDE THE STALL: Ron bends over the toilet, watches his
     reflection morph into Crabbe.
     IN THE CRACKED MIRROR: Harry watches his face contort
     into the thick features of Goyle.
     Hermione looks at her arm. Patches of fur begin to
     spread across her wrist and hand. Terrified, she RUNS
     into a stall.
     Ron emerges from his stall, a dead ringer for Crabbe.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                          78.





81   CONTINUED:    (2)                                          81





                                 RON

                  Harry?

                                 HARRY

                  Ron?

                                 RON

                  Bloody hell.

                                HARRY

                  We still sound like ourselves.
                  You need to sound more like
                  Crabbe.

                                RON

                          (adjusts voice)
                  Bloody hell.

                                 HARRY

                  Lower.

                                RON

                          (lower still)
                  Bloody hell.

                                HARRY

                  Less intelligent.

                                RON

                          (dumbing it down)
                  Bloody hell.

                                 HARRY

                  Excellent.

                                RON

                  Hey... Where's Hermione?

                                HERMIONE (O.S.)

                          (from the stall)
                  I -- I don't think I'm going.     You
                  go on without me.

                                HARRY

                  Hermione, are you okay?

                                 HERMIONE (O.S.)

                  Just go!   You're wasting time!




82   OMITTED                                                    82




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                  79.




83   EXT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                  83







     Harry and Ron hurry down the staircase.

                             RON

               Don't swing your arms like that.
               Crabbe holds them sort of stiff.
     Harry goes a bit more "Neanderthal."

                              RON

               Yeah.   That's better.




84   GLOOMY CORRIDOR/DUNGEONS - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)               84

     Harry and Ron move quickly, when... FOOTSTEPS sound.
     Seconds later, Percy appears at the end of the corridor.

                             RON

               What are you doing here?
     Percy squints, confused by Ron's voice. Harry elbows
     Ron, who clears his throat and speaks in a lower voice.

                             RON

               What are you doing here?

                             PERCY

               I happen to be a prefect. You, on
               the other hand, have no business
               wandering the corridors at night.
               It's not safe these days.
     Harry and Ron NOD, afraid to speak.     Percy squints again.

                             PERCY

               What're your names again?

                             DRACO

               Crabbe. Goyle. Where have you
               been? Pigging out in the Great
               Hall all this time?
     Draco is walking towards them, glances witheringly at Percy.

                             DRACO

               And what are you doing down here,
               Weasley?

                             PERCY

               Mind your attitude, Malfoy. You
               want to show a little bit more
               respect to a school Prefect!

                                                  (CONTINUED)





                                                              80.





84   CONTINUED:                                                     84





                                DRACO

                  Come on, boys. Weasley thinks
                  he's going to catch Slytherin's
                  hair single-handed.



     Percy steams.     Draco sneers, walks off with Harry and
     Ron.




85   OMITTED                                                        85





86   INT. SLYTHERIN COMMON ROOM - NIGHT (LATER)                     86

     Harry and Ron trail Draco inside, glance around warily.

                                DRACO

                  Listen to this...
     Draco grabs The Daily Prophet, reads the front page.

                                DRACO

                  'Arthur Weasley, Head of the
                  Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office,
                  was today fined fifty Galleons for
                  bewitching a Muggle car. "Weasley
                  has brought the Ministry into
                  disrepute," said Lucius Malfoy, a
                  governor of Hogwarts. "He is
                  clearly unfit to draw up our laws
                  and his ridiculous Muggle
                  Protection Act should be scrapped
                  immediately."'
     Grinning, Malfoy glances over the paper at Harry and Ron.

                                DRACO

                  Arthur Weasley loves Muggle so
                  much he should snap his wand in
                  half and go join them. You'd
                  never know the Weasleys were
                  purebloods, the way they behave.
                  Embarrassment to the wizarding
                  world. All of them.
     Ron growls.     Harry elbows him.   Draco looks surprised.

                                DRACO

                  What's up with you, Crabbe?

                                RON

                          (low voice)
                  Stomachache.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              81.





86   CONTINUED:                                                     86





                                DRACO

                  Well, go to the hospital wing
                  and give all those Mudbloods a kick
                  in the arse for me! You know, I'm
                  surprised The Daily Prophet hasn't
                  reported all these attacks yet. I
                  suppose Dumbledore's trying to hush
                  it all up. He'll be sacked if it
                  doesn't stop soon. Father always
                  said Dumbledore's the worst thing
                  that's ever happened to this place.

                                  HARRY

                  You're wrong!

                                DRACO

                  What? Did you say that I was
                  wrong? You think there's someone
                  here who's worse than Dumbledore?
     Ron stiffens.     Worried.    Harry thinks, then:

                                  HARRY

                  Harry Potter.

                                DRACO

                          (grinning)
                  Good one, Goyle. You're
                  absolutely right. Saint Potter.
                  He's another one with no proper
                  wizard feeling, or he wouldn't go
                  around with that Mudblood Granger.
                  And people actually think he's the
                  Heir of Slytherin.
     Harry and Ron exchange a glance.       Harry leans closer to
     Draco.

                                HARRY

                  Then you must have some idea who's
                  behind it all?

                                DRACO

                  You know I haven't, Goyle. How
                  many times do I have to tell you?
                  But my father did say this much:
                  It's been fifty years since the
                  Chamber was opened. He wouldn't
                  tell me who opened it -- only that
                  they were expelled -- but I know
                  this: the last time the Chamber
                  of Secrets was opened, a Mudblood
                  died.

                                (MORE)


                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                              82.





86   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              86





                                DRACO (CONT'D)

                  So it's only a matter of time
                  before one of them's killed this
                  time. As for me... I hope it's
                  Granger.
     As Malfoy grins, Ron's fist rises... when Harry stops
     him.

                                DRACO

                  What's the matter with you two?
                  You're acting very... odd.

                                RON

                  Ho!
     Harry turns, sees Ron staring wide-eyed: Harry's SCAR is
     beginning to surface beneath the skin of Goyle's thick
     forehead. And Crabbe's hair is... turning RED. They
     both JUMP to their feet, DASHING out of the room.

                                 DRACO

                  Hey!   Where are you going?




87   INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                     87

     As Harry and Ron race toward the stairs, the BROOM CLOSET
     bursts open and a woozy Crabbe and Goyle stagger out.
     They freeze -- watch themselves run up the staircase.




88   INT. SECOND FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)             88

     Harry and Ron sprint toward the desecrated wall, their
     bodies metamorphosing, until, finally, as they hit the
     door...




89   INT. GIRLS BATHROOM - NIGHT                                    89

     ... They are fully themselves once more.

                                RON

                  That was close!

                                HARRY

                  Hermione, come out.   We've got
                  loads to tell you!

                                HERMIONE

                  Go away!

                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   83.




89   CONTINUED:                                                    89




     As Harry and Ron exchange a puzzled glance, Moaning
     Myrtle spirals INTO VIEW, looking disturbingly...
     happy.

                                MOANING MYRTLE

                  Ooh, wait till you see. It's
                  awful!
     The stall's lock slides back.      The door opens slowly.

                                HERMIONE (O.S.)

                  Do you remember me telling you the
                  Polyjuice Potion was only for
                  human transformations...?
     Even in shadow, they can see: Hermione's face is covered
     in FUR, her eyes YELLOW, and POINTED EARS poke through
     her hair.

                                HERMIONE

                  It was cat hair I plucked off
                  Millicent Bulstrode's robes! Look
                  at my face!

                                RON

                  Look at your tail.




90   INT. HOSPITAL WING - DAY (TWO WEEKS LATER)                    90

     Staggering under the weight of the LIBRARY BOOKS in their
     arms, Harry and Ron make their way to Hermione's bed,
     which is covered in... BOOKS.

                                 HERMIONE

                  Oh, good.   Put those anywhere.
     They look.     There is no anywhere.   So they just... drop
     them.

                                RON

                  Madam Pince asked that we relay a
                  message to you, Hermione: She'd
                  appreciate it if you'd leave a few
                  books for the rest of the school.

                                HERMIONE

                  I've got to keep up, haven't I?
     Just then, Hermione's tail twitches INTO VIEW.

                                RON

                  Is that thing ever going away?

                                                    (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   84.




90   CONTINUED:                                                    90





                                HERMIONE

                  Any day now, according to Madam
                  Pomfrey. I'm just thankful I've
                  stopped coughing up fur balls.




                                RON

                  We all are, believe me.

                               HERMIONE

                  Now. What about the Chamber of
                  Secrets? Any new leads?

                               HARRY

                  Nothing.

                                HERMIONE

                  And has it gotten any better? I
                  mean... is anyone speaking to you?

                                HARRY

                  Neville asked to borrow a tubeworm
                  in Potions yesterday. I suppose
                  that's something.
     Ron takes a GET-WELL CARD from under Hermione's pillow.

                                RON

                  'To Miss Granger. Wishing you a
                  speedy recovery, from your
                  concerned teacher Gilderoy
                  Lockhart.' You sleep with this
                  under your pillow?

                                HERMIONE

                  Of course not. I don't know how
                  that got there. Now go. I still
                  have six hundred pages to read in
                  Transformation Through the Ages.




91   OMITTED                                                       91





92   EXT. SECOND-FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)            92

     Harry and Ron mount the stairs, emerge.

                                RON

                  I know Hermione's mental, but can
                  you believe she falls for that
                  smarmy nonsense of Lockhart's?

                                                    (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   84A.




92   CONTINUED:                                                     92




     They stop. Look down. A GREAT FLOOD OF WATER streams
     from the Girls' Bathroom. From within, MYRTLE can be
     heard MOANING.




                                HARRY

                  Looks like Myrtle's flooded the
                  bathroom.
     As Harry sploshes off toward the bathroom, Ron steps
     lightly.

                               RON

                  Yuck.




93   INT. GIRLS BATHROOM - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                    93

     HUGE, WRACKING MOANS echo off the dreary tile. All the
     taps are running, streaming like tiny waterfalls. As
     Harry and Ron step to the last cubicle, Myrtle spins
     accusingly.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              85.





93   CONTINUED:                                                       93





                                MOANING MYRTLE

                  Come to throw something else at
                  me?




                                HARRY

                  Why would I throw something at
                  you?

                                MOANING MYRTLE

                  Don't ask me. Here I am, minding
                  my own business, and someone
                  thinks it's funny to throw a book
                  at me...

                                RON

                  But it can't hurt if someone
                  throws something at you. I mean,
                  it'd just go right through you,
                  wouldn't it?

                                MOANING MYRTLE

                  Oh sure! Let's all throw books at
                  Myrtle, because she can't feel it!
                  Ten points if you can get it
                  through her stomach. Fifty points
                  if it goes through her head!

                                HARRY

                  Who threw it at you anyway?

                                MOANING MYRTLE

                  I don't know. I didn't see them.
                  I was just sitting in the U-bend,
                  thinking about death and it fell
                  through the top of my head.
     Harry sees a SMALL BLACK BOOK on the floor.       Picks it up.

                                RON

                  Fifty points if you can get it
                  through her nose.

                                  MOANING MYRTLE


                  I HEARD THAT!

     Harry and Ron dash out.

94   INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                            94

     Harry examines the book as he and Ron walk.

                                HARRY

                  This is a diary. And it's old...

                                                    (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/9/02                    86.




94   CONTINUED:                                                    94





                                RON

                  It's a diary, it's old... and was
                  most recently in a toilet, Harry.



     Harry starts to open it... when Ron grabs his hand.

                                RON

                  Are you mad? That could be
                  cursed. Dad once told me about a
                  book the Ministry confiscated that
                  burned the eyes out of anyone who
                  tried to read it.

                                HARRY

                  I'll take my chances...
                          (opening it)
                  Ahhh! MY EYES! MY EYES!
     Ron freezes, terrified, when... Harry grins, ending the
     ruse. At the end of corridor, Ginny stands, looking from
     the diary to Harry -- utter terror on her face -- then
     dashes off.

                             HARRY

               Ginny! I was only joking --
               Brilliant. Even your sister
               thinks I'm the monster now.

                                 RON

                  Who doesn't?
     Ron frowns suddenly. On the first page on the diary,
     EMBOSSED LETTERS spell out a name: TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE.

                                RON

                  Tin Marvolo Riddle? Hang on. I
                  know that name...
                          (thinking, then)
                  Of course! The night I had
                  detention... My job was to polish
                  the silver in the trophy room. I
                  remember because I kept burping
                  slugs all over Tom Riddle's
                  trophy. I must have wiped slime
                  off his name for an hour.
     Harry fans the pages.       They're empty.

                                  HARRY

                  That's odd.    He never wrote in it.




95   INT. HOSPITAL WING - LATER THAT NIGHT                         95

     CLOSEUP: DIARY. A GOLD EMBOSSED ADDRESS on the back
     reads: WAXFLATTER'S BOOKSELLERS. 422 VAUXHALL ROAD.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/9/02                   87.




95   CONTINUED:                                                   95




     CAMERA PULLS BACK. Harry sits with Hermione in the
     moonlit room. Hermione studies the diary curiously.

                                HERMIONE

                  Tom Riddle... Hm. And Ron said he
                  won an award fifty years ago?

                                HARRY

                  Special Services to the School or
                  something --

                                HERMIONE

                  Fifty years ago? You're sure?

                                HARRY

                  Yes.   Why?

                                HERMIONE

                  Don't you remember what Malfoy
                  told you? The last time the
                  Chamber of Secrets was opened
                  was --

                                HARRY

                  Fifty years ago! That means --

                                HERMIONE

                  Tom Riddle was here, at Hogwarts,
                  when it happened. What if he
                  wrote about what he saw? It's
                  possible he knew where the Chamber
                  was, how to open it, even what
                  sort of creature lives in it. If
                  so, whoever's behind the attacks
                  this time wouldn't want a diary
                  like this lying around, would
                  they?

                                HARRY

                  That's a brilliant theory,
                  Hermione. With just one tiny
                  little flaw. There's nothing
                  written in this diary.

                                HERMIONE

                  It might be invisible ink.
                          (pulls out her wand)
                  Aparecium!
     She taps the diary three times. Nothing happens. The
     pages remain BLANK. She frowns, passes the book back to
     Harry.

                                                   (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    88.




95   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              95





                                HERMIONE

                  I don't know, Harry. But I think
                  you should be careful with this.
                  Something tells me Ron might be
                  right. It could be dangerous.

                                HARRY

                  You don't think I'm dangerous, do
                  you, Hermione? I mean, you're not
                  scared. Of me.

                                HERMIONE

                  I'm scared, Harry. But not of
                  you.




96   INT. GRYFFINDOR DORMITORY/COMMON ROOM - NIGHT (LATER)          96

     CAMERA STARTS OVERHEAD, looking down on the boys'
     dormitory. Seamus, Neville, Ron and Dean sleep. One bed
     is empty. CAMERA CRANES TO the Common Room, finds Harry
     sitting alone, flipping through the blank pages of the
     diary.
     Harry starts to set the diary aside, then notices a
     BOTTLE OF INK sitting on the desk. An idea flickers.
     Taking his QUILL, Harry dips it, and hesitates. As he
     does, a DROP of INK hangs, suspended like a tear, then...

     DROPS.

     The ink BLAZES briefly, then... VANISHES... as if it were
     sucked into the page. Excited, Harry dips his quill
     again, and, this time, writes: My name is Harry Potter.
     The words blaze, VANISH. Slowly, oozing out of the page,
     comes a response: Hello, Harry Potter. My name is Tom
     Riddle.
     Harry's mind races.     Deciding, he MUTTERS the words he
     writes:

                                HARRY

                  Do... you... know... anything...
                  about... the... Chamber... of...
                  Secrets?
     Yes.

                                HARRY

                  Can... you... tell... me?
     No.

                                                     (CONTINUED)




     THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    89.




96   CONTINUED:                                                     96




     Harry frowns.     Then... slowly... new words ooze to the
     surface.
     But I can show you...
     Harry waits, intrigued.     Then, suddenly...
     The pages FLUTTER WILDLY, stop on "June the 13th." On
     the page, a TINY SQUARE SHIMMERS... like a WINDOW. Harry
     lifts the book, puts his eye close and... PITCHES
     FORWARD, spilling through the widening window, into a
     WHIRL of COLOR and SHADOW, tumbling onto his feet...




97   INT. CORRIDOR/ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (FIFTY YEARS AGO)          97

     ... in torch-lit corridor. Everything is de-saturated,
     save for Harry, who retains the true, rich colors of the
     present. He glances about, disoriented, then spies a BOY
     (TOM RIDDLE) at the end of the corridor, peering around a
     corner. A FLURRY of SHADOWS dances on the wall beyond
     the boy, revealing the presence of others, unseen, in an
     adjoining room.
     As Harry advances, LOW VOICES emanate from the shadows.
     As he reaches the boy, Harry speaks in a WHISPER:

                               HARRY

                  Excuse me. Could you tell me
                  where I am? Hello...?
     The boy doesn't respond, eyes staked to the activity in
     the adjoining room... which Harry sees now is the
     Entrance Hall. A group of ELDER WITCHES and WIZARDS --
     Hogwarts Professors -- talk amongst themselves, then...
     abruptly go silent. Make way for two YOUNG WIZARDS,
     bearing a STRETCHER.

                               VOICE (O.S.)

                  Riddle.
     The boy wheels... and looks right through Harry. Harry
     turns, too. It's Dumbledore... fifty years younger.

                                TOM RIDDLE

                  Professor Dumbledore.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  It's not wise to be wandering
                  around this late, Tom.

                                                     (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02               90.




97    CONTINUED:                                                  97





                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Yes, Professor. I suppose I -- I
                   just had to see for myself, if...



      Riddle glances toward the young wizards, watches them
      carry the stretcher out of the Hall, into the night.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   ... the rumors were true.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   I'm afraid they are, Tom.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   About the school as well? They
                   wouldn't really close Hogwarts,
                   would they, Professor?

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Headmaster Dippet may have no
                   choice, I'm afraid.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Sir? If it all stopped. If the
                   person responsible was caught...

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Is there something you wish to
                   tell me, Tom?

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                           (a long beat)
                   No, sir. Nothing.
      Dumbledore studies Riddle for a moment.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Very well then. Hurry along.
      Dumbledore strides directly past Harry, not seeing him.
      When he is gone, Riddle moves quickly, toward the dungeon
      steps.




98    OMITTED                                                     98


&                                                                 &


99                                                                99





100   INT. CORRIDOR - DUNGEONS - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)            100

      Up ahead, a SPLINTER of LIGHT leaks through a DOOR.
      Riddle puts his eye to the crack. Inside, someone is

      SPEAKING.


                                                 (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    91.




100   CONTINUED:                                                     100





                                 VOICE (O.S.)

                   C'mon, Aragog. Gotta get yeh
                   outta here... C'mon now.. in the
                   box...



      As Riddle pushes the door clear, Harry sees a second,
      smaller room. Crouched by a BOX, is a huge boy... YOUNG
      HAGRID. A STRANGE CLICKING comes from the BOX.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Evening, Hagrid.
      Hagrid SLAMS the door shut.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   I'm going to have to turn you in,
                   Hagrid. I don't think you meant
                   it to kill anyone --

                                 YOUNG HAGRID

                   No, yeh can't! Yeh don'
                   understand!

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Hagrid. The dead girl's parents
                   will be here tomorrow. The least
                   Hogwarts can do is make sure the
                   thing that killed their daughter
                   is slaughtered.

                                YOUNG HAGRID

                   It wasn' him! Aragog never'd kill
                   no one! Never!

                                 RIDDLE

                   Monsters don't make good pets,
                   Hagrid. Now... stand aside...
      Riddle draws his wand, BLASTS the closed DOOR off its
      hinges, extinguishing the torches within. Harry GASPS.
      A low-slung CREATURE with a tangle of black legs, a gleam
      of many eyes and a pair of razor-sharp pincers, scuttles
      out of the shadows. As Riddle points his wand at it,
      Hagrid LEAPS...

                                YOUNG HAGRID

                   Noooooo!

                                                      (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                    92.




100    CONTINUED:    (2)                                             100




       As they tumble to the floor, the entire ROOM WHIRLS off
       its axis, spinning, and Harry finds himself plummeting
       through color and shadow again, falling flat on his back
       to...



       ... the floor of the Gryffindor Common Room, the ceiling
       above spinning, slowly, to a stop. Harry rises, dashes
       upstairs.




100A   INT. BOYS' DORMITORY - NIGHT                                  100A

       Harry rushes to Ron, shakes him awake, WHISPERING INTENSELY.

                                   HARRY

                            Ron!
                    Ron!

                                    RON

                    What?    What's happened...?

                                  HARRY

                    It was Hagrid. Hagrid opened the
                    Chamber of Secrets fifty years ago.




100B   EXT. HOGWARTS - ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY                       100B

       CAMERA SOARS high over the castle, as below, students
       hurry to their classes. Finally, it FINDS:




101    OMITTED                                                       101





102    EXT./INT. HOGWARTS GROUNDS - DAY (LATER)                      102

       Harry, Ron and Hermione walking together across the grounds.

                                  HERMIONE

                    It can't be Hagrid. It just can't
                    be.

                                  RON

                    We don't even know this Riddle.
                    He sounds like a dirty, rotten
                    snitch to me.

                                  HARRY

                    The monster had killed someone,
                    Ron. What would any of us done?

                                  HERMIONE

                    Look. Hagrid's our friend. Why
                    don't we just go ask him about it?

                                                      (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                    93.




102   CONTINUED:                                                    102





                                 RON

                   That'd be a cheerful visit.
                   Hullo, Hagrid. Tell us, have you
                   been setting anything mad and
                   hairy loose in the castle lately?

                                 HAGRID

                   Mad an' hairy? Wouldn' be talkin'
                   'bou me, now would yeh?
      The trio wheels, spots Hagrid grinning at them.     They
      instantly look guilty.

                                HARRY/RON/HERMIONE

                   No!
      Hagrid looks at them curiously.     Harry nods to the
      STRANGE CANISTER in his hand.

                                 HARRY

                   What's that you've got, Hagrid?

                                 HAGRID

                   Flesh-Eatin' Slug Repellent. Fer
                   the Mandrakes, yeh know.
                   Accordin' ter Professor Sprout,
                   they still got a bit o' growin' up
                   ter do, but once their acne clears
                   up, we'll be able to chop 'em up,
                   stew 'em, an' get those people in
                   the hospital un-Petrified. 'Til
                   then, you three best watch
                   yerselves, all righ'?
      They nod, watch Hagrid lope away. Just then, Neville
      comes running up. He looks pale with fright.

                                 NEVILLE

                   Harry, I don't know who did it,
                   but... you'd better come.



      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                 94.




103   OMITTED                                                     103








104   INT. GRYFFINDOR TOWER DORMITORY - DAY                       104

      Harry's space is a disaster: trunk riffled, drawers
      flung open, bedclothes strewn on the floor.

                              HERMIONE

                It had to be a Gryffindor. Nobody
                else knows our password. Unless,
                it wasn't a student...

                                                (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                      95.




104    CONTINUED:                                                      104





                                  RON

                    Well, whoever it was, they were
                    looking for something.




                                  HARRY

                    And they found it... Tom Riddle's
                    diary is gone.




105    EXT. HOGWARTS GROUNDS - DAY                                     105

       Students stream into the Quidditch Stadium.




105A   INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE - DAY                                     105A

       Harry, dressed in his Quidditch robes, dashes down the
       staircase with Ron and Hermione. Down below, Ron spies
       Ginny.

                                   RON

                    Hey, Ginny!   Going to the match?
       Ginny looks up, startled, then shakes her head and exits.

                                  RON

                    I tell you, she gets weirder and
                    weirder by the day...

                                  VOICE (O.S.)

                    Kill this time... Let me rip...
                    Tear.
       Harry freezes.     Ron and Hermione stop, knowing by his face...

                                  RON

                    No... don't tell me...
       Harry turns, as if following the SOUND, absently touching
       his fingers to the wall as he glances around. Hermione
       studies him with great interest -- STUDIES HIS FINGERS --
       then, abruptly, Harry turns away, shakes his head: it's
       gone. Hermione looks up, eyes vaguely upon Harry, but
       her mind miles away.

                                  HERMIONE

                    Harry... I think I've just understood
                    something! I've got to go to the
                    library!
       As Hermione sprints back up the stairs, Harry YELLS.

                                  HARRY

                    What do you understand!

                                                        (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   96.




105A   CONTINUED:                                                    105A




       But she's gone.     Harry turns to Ron in puzzlement.

                                   HARRY

                    The library?




                                  RON

                    That's Hermione. When in doubt,
                    go to the library




106    EXT. REAR OF QUIDDITCH STADIUM - DAY (LATER)                  106

       Harry and his teammates march toward the Quidditch tower.
       The CHEERS of the CROWD are heard.

                                  WOOD

                    Listen up now. We play our game,
                    Hufflepuff doesn't stand a chance.
                    We're stronger, quicker, smarter.

                                  GEORGE

                    Not to mention they're dead
                    terrified Harry'll Petrify them if
                    they fly anywhere near him.

                                   WOOD

                    That, too.
       Just then, Professor McGonagall appears, barring their
       way.

                                  WOOD

                    Professor McGonagall --
                                  PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                    This match has been cancelled.

                                 WOOD

                    Cancelled! They can't cancel
                    Quidditch --
                                  PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                    Silence, Wood! You will return to
                    Gryffindor Tower now. Potter, you
                    and I will find Mr. Weasley.
                    There's something the both of you
                    need to see.




107    INT. HOSPITAL WING - DAY                                      107

       McGonagall pauses outside the door, turns to Harry and
       Ron.

                                                      (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                  97.




107   CONTINUED:                                                   107




                                  PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   I warn you.   This will be a bit of
                   a shock.



      She opens the door. Madam Pomfrey is leaning over a bed
      where a girl lies. As she straightens up, we see the
      girl is...

                                 RON

                   Hermione!
                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   She was found near the library.
                   Along with this. Does it mean
                   anything to either of you?
      She holds up a SMALL CIRCULAR MIRROR. Harry shakes his
      head. McGonagall nods gravely, leads them out. As they
      go, the CAMERA DRIFTS to HERMIONE'S HAND. Clinched tight
      in her stiff knuckles, barely visible, is... a PIECE OF

      PAPER.





108   INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - NIGHT                          108

      McGonagall reads from a PARCHMENT to the somber
      Gryffindors.
                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   All students will return to their
                   house common rooms by six o'clock
                   in the evening. You will be
                   escorted to each lesson by a
                   teacher. No exceptions.
                           (rolling up
                            the parchment)
                   I should tell you all this.
                   Unless the culprit behind these
                   attacks is caught, it is likely
                   that the school will be closed.
      McGonagall turns, exits. Instantly, as one, the
      students begin to talk amongst themselves. Neville
      speaks up.

                                 NEVILLE

                   Haven't any of the teachers
                   noticed that the Slytherins are
                   all safe? Isn't it obvious all
                   this stuff's coming from
                   Slytherin? The Heir of Slytherin,
                   the monster of Slytherin -- why
                   don't they just chuck all the
                   Slytherins out?

                                                    (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02               98.




108    CONTINUED:                                                108





                                  SEAMUS

                    They can't close Hogwarts.   Where
                    would we all go?




                                  DEAN THOMAS

                    I don't care what anyone says.   As
                    long as Dumbledore's here,
                    Hogwarts will be here.
       Harry WHISPERS to Ron.

                                  HARRY

                    We've got to talk to Hagrid, Ron.
                    I can't believe it's him. But if
                    he did set the monster loose last
                    time -- even by accident -- he'll
                    know how to get inside the Chamber
                    of Secrets. And that's a start.

                                  RON

                    But you heard McGonagall. We're
                    not allowed to leave the tower
                    except for class --

                                  HARRY

                    I think it's time to get my Dad's
                    old Cloak out again.




109    INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT (LATER)                      109

       CLOSEUP: A drawer opens, a HAND reaches in, takes the
       INVISIBILITY CLOAK. CAMERA PULLS BACK, REVEALS Ron and
       Harry. All around them, the other boys sleep. Harry
       pitches the cloak over himself and Ron. They're gone.




110    OMITTED                                                   110


&                                                                &


111                                                              111





112    INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT                                112

       Harry and Ron, beneath the cloak, sneak by an unaware
       Snape.




112A   OMITTED                                                   112A





                                                              99.





113   EXT. HAGRID'S HUT - NIGHT                                       113




      A KNOCK.   Hagrid swings open the door.     Crossbow in hand.

                                HAGRID

                 Who's there?



      Harry and Ron drop the cloak.      Hagrid lowers the
      crossbow.




114   INT. HAGRID'S HUT - NIGHT                                       114

      FANG, Hagrid's enormous BOARHOUND, THUMPS HIS TAIL at the
      sight of Harry and Ron. Harry points to the crossbow.

                               HARRY

                 What's that for?

                               HAGRID

                 Nothin', nothin'. I've been
                 expectin'... Doesn't matter.     Sit
                 down... I'll make tea...
      Hagrid nervously takes the kettle, spills the water..

                               HARRY

                 Are you okay? Hagrid?      Did you
                 hear about Hermione?

                                HAGRID

                 Oh, yea.   I heard, all righ'.

                               HARRY

                 Look... we have to ask you
                 something. Do you know who's
                 opened the Chamber of Secrets?
      Hagrid takes a fruit cake, stops, about to answer,
      when... there is a LOUD KNOCK. The fruitcake SMASHES to
      the floor. Panicked, Harry and Ron throw the cloak over
      themselves. Sweating, Hagrid grabs his crossbow, points
      it at the door.

                                HAGRID

                 C-come in.
      The door opens. A grim Dumbledore enters, followed by a
      portly man in a pin-stripe suit and bowler: CORNELIUS

      FUDGE.


                               DUMBLEDORE

                 Good evening, Hagrid.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                               100.





114   CONTINUED:                                                      114





                                 RON

                           (whispering to Harry)
                   That's Dad's boss! Cornelius
                   Fudge. The Minister of Magic!



      Harry elbows Ron to shut him up.

                                 FUDGE

                   Bad business, Hagrid. Very bad
                   business. Had to come. Four
                   attacks on Muggle-borns.
                   Things've gone far enough.
                   Ministry's got to act.

                                 HAGRID

                   I never... You know I never,
                   Professor Dumbledore, sir...

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   I want it understood, Cornelius,
                   that Hagrid has my full
                   confidence.

                                 FUDGE

                   Look, Albus, Hagrid's record's
                   against him. I've got to take
                   him.

                                  HAGRID

                   Take me?   Where? Not Azkaban
                   prison.

                                 FUDGE

                   For a short stretch only. Not a
                   punishment, Hagrid. More a
                   precaution. If someone else is
                   caught, you'll be released with a
                   full apology.
      Just then, there is a SHARP RAP on the door. As
      Dumbledore opens it, Harry slumps. It's Lucius
      Malfoy.

                                 LUCIUS MALFOY

                   Already here, Fudge? Good,
                   good...

                                 HAGRID

                   What're you doin' here!   Get outta
                   my house!

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                            101.





114   CONTINUED:    (2)                                            114





                                 LUCIUS MALFOY

                   My dear man, please believe me, I
                   have no pleasure at all in being
                   inside your -- do you call this a
                   house? I simply called at the
                   school and was told the Headmaster
                   was here.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   And what exactly did you want with
                   me, Lucius?

                                 LUCIUS MALFOY

                   Dreadful thing, Dumbledore, but
                   the governors feel it's time for
                   you to step aside. This is an
                   Order of Suspension. You'll find
                   all twelve signatures on it. I'm
                   afraid we feel you're losing your
                   touch. What with all these
                   attacks, there'll be no Muggle-
                   borns left at Hogwarts. And we
                   all know what an awful loss that
                   would be.
      Malfoy hands Fudge an OFFICIAL ROLL of PARCHMENT.

                                 FUDGE

                   Now, see here, Lucius. Dumbledore
                   suspended. No, no... last thing
                   we want right now... If Dumbledore
                   can't stop these attacks... I mean
                   to say, who can?

                                 LUCIUS MALFOY

                   That remains to be seen, but as
                   all twelve governors have voted --

                                 HAGRID

                   An' how many did yeh have ter
                   threaten before they agreed!

                                 LUCIUS MALFOY

                   I would advise you not to shout at
                   the Azkaban guards like that.

                                 HAGRID

                   Yeh can take Dumbledore! Take him
                   away an' the Muggle-borns won'
                   stand a chance! There'll be
                   killin's next!

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                             102.





114   CONTINUED:    (3)                                             114





                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Calm yourself, Hagrid!
                           (steely-eyed)
                   If the governors want my removal,
                   Lucius, I shall of course step
                   aside. However... you will find
                   that I will only truly have left
                   this school when none here are
                   loyal to me. You will also find
                   that help will always be given at
                   Hogwarts to those who... ask for
                   it.
      Dumbledore's eyes drift -- unmistakably -- to Harry.

                                 LUCIUS MALFOY

                   Admirable sentiments. We shall
                   all miss your highly individual
                   way of running things, Albus, and
                   only hope your successor will
                   manage to prevent any more, um,
                   killin's.
      Malfoy strides to the door and bows Dumbledore out.
      Fudge, fiddling with his bowler, waits for Hagrid.
      Instead, Hagrid stands his ground, takes a deep breath
      and says carefully...

                                 HAGRID

                   If anyone wanted ter find out some
                   stuff, all they'd have ter do is
                   follow the spiders. That'd lead
                   'em right! Tha's all I'm sayin'.
      Fudge stares at Hagrid in amazement, then follows him
      out. As the door SLAMS SHUT, FANG starts to HOWL,
      scratching at the closed door. Harry and Ron emerge from
      the cloak.

                                 RON

                   Hagrid's right. With Dumbledore
                   gone, there'll be an attack a day.

                                HARRY

                   Look...
      At the windowsill, a TRAIL OF SPIDERS escapes through a
      crack in the glass. Harry grabs Hagrid's LANTERN.

                                HARRY

                   C'mon.




                                                                103.





115    OMITTED                                                         115

thru                                                                   thru

118                                                                    118





119    EXT. HAGRID'S HUT - NIGHT                                       119




       Harry illuminates the TRAIL OF SPIDERS. They run from
       the window to the ground, to the dark trees in the near
       distance. As Harry moves to follow, Ron hesitates.

                               RON

                 What are you doing?

                               HARRY

                 You heard Hagrid. Follow the
                 spiders.

                               RON

                 They're heading into the Dark
                 Forest.
       Harry sighs, heads off.     Terrified, Ron grabs Fang,
       follows.

                               RON

                 Why spiders. Why couldn't it be
                 'Follow the butterflies'?




120    OMITTED                                                         120





121    EXT. DARK FOREST - NIGHT                                        121

       Fang crashes through low-slung branches and sharp
       brambles as Harry follows. Ron gingerly picks his way,
       the JUMPS... as FANG HOWLS. BRANCHES SNAP. A RUMBLING
       NOISE sounds, then... SILENCE. Harry spies something,
       points O.S.

                               HARRY

                 There's something moving over
                 there... something big.
       Just then a BLAZE of LIGHT splinters the trees, blinding
       them. They start to flee... when Ron stops.

                               RON

                 Harry!... Harry, it's our car!
       Scratched and mud-smeared, with bits of earth and grass
       sprouting from its headlamps and hubcaps -- the Ford
       Anglia looks half-animal. Ron circles it in wonder.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    104.




121    CONTINUED:                                                      121





                                  HARRY

                    It's been here all the time! Look
                    at it. The Forest has turned it
                    wild.



       Harry nods, then glances back up the slope.

                                  HARRY

                    C'mon, we don't want to lose the
                    trail.




121A   EXT. SPIDERS' HOLLOW - NIGHT                                    121A

       Harry and Ron enter a hollow ribboned with shadows.
       Enormous trees tower over them, strewn with strands of
       white webbing. Ron steps on a strand, kicks it off
       queasily. Harry peers up ahead: at the far end of the
       hollow, the spiders stream toward a DARK OPENING.
       As Harry and Ron approach the opening, a CLICKING SOUND
       emanates from within, ECHOING in the branches of the tall
       trees. GROWING LOUDER. Ron falters, glancing about
       nervously.

                                  RON

                    I don't have a good feeling about
                    this, Harry --

                                   HARRY

                    Don't panic.
       As Harry steps to the mouth of the cavern, the AIR
       suddenly CRACKLES with MOVEMENT. TWIGS SNAP. A HUGE
       SHADOW emerges, slowly engulfs Harry. He peers up.

       SEES:

       An ANCIENT SPIDER (ARAGOG), the size of a small elephant.
       As it advances, Harry and Ron back slowly away. Then:
       its BLIND EYES catch the light, and it STOPS. As if...
       listening.

                                  ARAGOG

                    You do not come from the forest.
                    Your hearts beat like... men.

                                  HARRY

                            (breathing finally)
                    Yes. We're friends of Hagrid's.
                    And you... you're...
                            (as it comes to him)
                    ... Aragog, aren't you?

                                                       (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    105.




121A   CONTINUED:                                                      121A




       Hearing this, Aragog's head turns slightly.

                                  ARAGOG

                    Hagrid has never sent men into our
                    hollow before.

                                  HARRY

                    He's in trouble. Up at school,
                    there've been attacks. They think
                    it's Hagrid. They think he's
                    opened the Chamber of Secrets.
                    Like before.
       As Harry talks, Ron's eyes dart warily about, then...
       RON'S POV - a pair of long legs -- SPIDER'S LEGS -- curl
       slowly around the trunk of the tree to his left.
       Terrified, Ron NUDGES Harry, but Harry ignores him.

                                  ARAGOG

                    That's a lie! Hagrid never opend
                    the Chamber of Secrets!

                                  HARRY

                    But if Hagrid never... that
                    means... you're not the monster.

                                  ARAGOG

                    The monster was born in the
                    castle. I came from a distant
                    land, in the pocket of a traveler.
       Ron turns. TWO CRAWLING SILHOUETTES inch forward.
       Pause. Waiting. Watching.

                                 RON

                    Harry...

                                 HARRY

                    Shhh!
                            (to Aragog)
                    But if you're not the monster,
                    what did kill that girl fifty
                    years ago?

                                  ARAGOG

                    We do not speak of it! It is an
                    ancient creature we spiders fear
                    above all others.

                                  HARRY

                    But have you seen it?

                                                       (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER 0F SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                        106.




121A   CONTINUED:    (2)                                                   121A




       A SCRABBLING SOUND ECHOES above Ron.        He GLANCES UP:     a
       SPIDER crouches on a branch above.

                                  ARAGOG

                    I never saw any part of the castle
                    but the cupboard in which Hagrid
                    kept me. The girl was discovered
                    in a bathroom. When I was
                    accused, Hagrid brought me here.
       More SCRABBLING. Ron looks up. We PAN UP with him.
       SEE: SPIDERS -- in high and low branches -- DROPPING
       DOWNWARD like paratroopers. Ron GRABS Harry.

                                  HARRY

                            (annoyed)
                    What!
       Ron points.     Harry looks.     Pales.   Turns slowly back to
       Aragog.

                                  HARRY

                    Well... thank you. We'll just
                    go...

                                  ARAGOG

                    Go? I think not. My sons and
                    daughters do not harm Hagrid, on
                    my command. But I cannot deny
                    them fresh meat when it wanders so
                    willingly into our midst.
                    Goodbye, friend of Hagrid.
       Aragog turns, disappears into the shadows of the cavern.

                                  RON

                    Can we panic now?
       CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! Harry and Ron SPIN. A GANG of
       FIVE-FOOT SPIDERS bar the path ahead. Begin to move
       forward. Harry and Ron SPIN again: SPIDERS.
       Everywhere. CLOSING IN.
       Desperately, Harry swings the LANTERN in his hand. The
       spiders falter, then CREEP FORWARD again as the ARC of
       the LIGHT chases itself away. Around and around. Then:
       The LANTERN goes out.
       Harry pitches it aside.     As one, he and Ron draw their
       wands.

                                  RON

                    Nice knowing you.

                                                        (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                  106A.




121A   CONTINUED:    (3)                                           121A




       They're done for. Fang WHIMPERS. The spiders draw
       closer, CLICKING FEVERISHLY, when...
       ... a LONG, LOUD HORN BLEATS. Seconds later, a BLAZE of
       LIGHT ignites the hollow and the FORD ANGLIA comes
       THUNDERING over the rim and down the slope, KNOCKING
       SPIDERS OUT OF ITS PATH. As it SCREECHES to a halt, the

       DOORS FLING OPEN.


                                   HARRY

                    Let's go!
       Harry, Ron and Fang LEAP INSIDE. Ron SHIFTS FRANTICALLY.
       A SPIDER appears at Harry's open window.

                                   HARRY


                    THE WINDOWS!   ROLL UP THE WINDOWS!


                                  RON

                            (trying)

                    I CAN'T! IT'S STUCK!

       Just then, a hairy leg reaches through Ron's window.
       Instantly, Ron HITS the gas, throws the car into REVERSE.
       Spiders scatter, but the TWO clinging to the side windows
       hold tight. As the CAR ZOOMS BACKWARDS out of the
       hollow, Harry rolls his window tight, SNAPPING OFF his

       SPIDER'S LEGS.





121B   EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST - NIGHT                     121B

       The Anglia jets out of the hollow, lands with a THUD.
       Harry turns. The other spider is PULLING RON from the
       car. Harry points his wand, utters a spell and a
       BLINDING FLASH OF WHITE LIGHT BLASTS the spider into the
       shadows whipping past.

                                  RON

                    Thanks for that.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              107.





121B   CONTINUED:                                                    121B





                                  HARRY

                    Don't mention it.
       They stop. Both hear it: a DISTANT CLICKING. As the
       car flies over a ridge, they see them: a SEA OF SPIDERS
       heading straight for them like a herd of raging
       wildebeest. Ron puts his foot to the floor, SPINS the
       wheel and sends the car sliding away. The spiders
       STAMPEDE after.




121C   EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST - BLACK PARK - NIGHT          121C

       The Anglia SLALOMS through the forest, skimming past
       trees as the spiders CHARGE after. Harry peers ahead,
       SEES an area of FALLEN TREES. There is an OPENING, one
       narrow escape route.

                                  HARRY

                    That way! It's the only way out!
                            (looking back)
                    Hurry! They're catching up!
       Ron JAMS the accelerator... just as a GIANT TARANTULA
       drops in front of the escape route. Harry and Ron are as
       good as dead.

                                  HARRY

                    Can you get us in the air?

                                  RON

                            (jostling the
                             gear stick)
                    Flying gear's jammed!
       The spiders behind DRAW CLOSER. The TARANTULA waits
       ahead. Harry claps his hand over Ron's on the gear
       shift, pushing. The tarantula's pincers open, ready to
       kill, when... the GEAR SHIFT GIVES, the Anglia's wheels
       LIFT and the CAR FLIES OVER CAMERA, leaving the furious
       spiders below. The car barely avoids the rearing
       tarantula, then sails over the trees.




121D   EXT. HAGRID'S HUT - NIGHT                                     121D

       As they LAND, Fang bolts free. Harry and Ron exit the
       CAR wearily, then watch it turn and RUMBLE BACK INTO THE

       FOREST.


                                                   (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                 108.




121D   CONTINUED:                                                   121D





                                  RON

                    'Follow the spiders'! Follow the
                    spiders'! If he ever gets out of
                    Azkaban, I'll kill Hagrid. I
                    mean, what was the point of
                    sending us in there? What have we
                    found out?

                                  HARRY

                    We know one thing. Hagrid never
                    opened the Chamber of Secrets. He
                    was innocent.




122    OMITTED                                                      122

thru                                                                thru

122C                                                                122C





123    INT. HOSPITAL WING - DAY                                     123

       Madam Pomfrey bars the door, frowns at Harry and Ron.

                                  MADAM POMFREY

                    There's no point in talking to a
                    petrified person. She won't hear
                    a word you're saying.
       Ron shifts uncomfortably.

                                  RON

                    We know that, Madam Pomfrey. It's
                    just, well, you see, we thought,
                    maybe, we could... be with her for
                    a bit. She's our... friend, you
                    see, and... even if she can't hear
                    us... I mean, it can't hurt, can
                    it?
       A glint of sympathy flickers in Pomfrey's eyes.

                                  MADAM POMFREY

                    Very well then. But be quick
                    about it.
       As she exits, the boys step to her bed. Absently, Ron
       picks up the circular mirror that lies on the nightstand.
       Eyes Lockhart's Get Well card.

                                  RON

                    You don't think Lockhart could be
                    the heir of Slytherin, do you?
                            (off Harry's look)
                    Right. Forget I said it.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                  109.




123   CONTINUED:                                                    123




      Harry studies Hermione's face.

                                 HARRY

                   Wish you were here, Hermione. We
                   need you. Now more than ever...
      Just then, the mirror in Ron's hand CATCHES the LATE
      AFTERNOON SUNLIGHT and casts a jagged FLAME across
      Hermione's hand. Harry watches the light dance over her
      fingers... then looks closer. Sees the paper clutched
      there.




124   INT. CORRIDOR - DUSK (LATER)                                  124

      Harry and Ron duck into an alcove, take out the CRINKLED
      paper, which, we see now, is TORN from a library book.

                                 HARRY

                   'Of the many fearsome beasts that
                   roam our land, none is more deadly
                   than the Basilisk. Capable of
                   living for hundreds of years,
                   instant death awaits any who meet
                   this giant serpent's eye. Spiders
                   flee before it and only the
                   crowing of the rooster can kill
                   it.'
                           (looking up)
                   Ron! This is it! The monster in
                   the Chamber of Secrets is a
                   Basilisk. That's why I can hear
                   it speak. It's a snake.

                                 RON

                   But it kills by looking people in
                   the eye. Why is it no one's dead?
      Harry frowns, contemplating this, then catches he and
      Ron's REFLECTION in the window opposite. He mutters

      SOFTLY:


                                 HARRY

                   Because no one did look it in the
                   eye. Not directly at least...
                           (in a rush)
                   Colin saw it through his camera.
                   Justin -- Justin must've seen the
                   Basilisk through Nearly Headless
                   Nick! Nick got the full blast of
                   it, but he's a ghost -- he
                   couldn't die again...

                           (MORE)


                                               (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   110.




124   CONTINUED:                                                     124





                                 HARRY (CONT'D)

                   ... And Hermione... had the
                   mirror! I bet you anything she
                   was using it to look round
                   corners, in case it came along.

                                 RON

                   And Mrs. Norris? I'm pretty sure
                   she didn't have a camera or a
                   mirror, Harry.

                                 HARRY

                   The water... there was water on
                   the floor that night. She only
                   saw the Basilisk's reflection...
                           (scanning the
                            page again)
                   The crowing of the rooster is
                   fatal to it! That's why Hagrid's
                   roosters were killed! Spiders
                   flee before it! It all fits!

                                 RON

                   But how's the Basilisk been
                   getting around? A dirty great
                   snake. Someone would have seen...

                                 HARRY

                   Hermione answered that too.
      Harry points.     Scribbled, in Hermione's hand, is:
      "Pipes."

                                 RON

                           (aghast)
                   Pipes...? It's using the
                   plumbing.

                                 HARRY

                   Remember what Aragog said? About
                   that girl fifty years ago? She
                   died in a bathroom. What if she
                   never left.

                                 RON

                   Moaning Myrtle!
      Harry nods. Just then, McGonagall's VOICE ECHOES
      throughout the castle, magically magnified.

                                                     (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                    111.




124   CONTINUED:    (2)                                               124




                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL (V.O.)
                   All students are to return to
                   their house dormitories at once.
                   All teachers to the second floor
                   corridor. Immediately.




125   INT. SECOND FLOOR - CORRIDOR - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)             125

      McGonagall stands before the desecrated wall, surrounded
      by the rest of the staff. Harry and Ron creep up the
      stairwell.
                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   As you can see, the Heir of
                   Slytherin has left another
                   message. Our worst fear has been
                   realized. A student has been
                   taken by the monster. Into the
                   Chamber itself.
                           (as the teachers
                            react)
                   I'm afraid we shall have to send
                   the students home. I'm afraid...
                   this is the end of Hogwarts.

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                           (bursting in cheerily)
                   So sorry. Dozed off. What have I
                   missed?

                                 SNAPE

                   Just the man. A girl has been
                   snatched by the monster, Lockhart.
                   Your moment has come at last.

                                  GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   My m-moment?

                                 SNAPE

                   Weren't you saying just last night
                   that you've known all along where
                   the entrance to the Chamber of
                   Secrets is?

                                  GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   D-did I?   I don't recall...
                                 PROFESSOR   McGONAGALL
                   That settles it. We'll    leave it
                   to you to deal with the   monster,
                   Gilderoy. Your skills,    after all,
                   are legend.

                                                      (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                   112.




125   CONTINUED:                                                     125





                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   V-very well. I'll -- I'll be in
                   my office, getting -- getting
                   ready.



                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   The rest of us should go and
                   inform the students what has
                   happened.

                                 PROFESSOR SPROUT

                   Who is it the monster's taken,
                   Minerva?
                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   Ginny Weasley.
      Ron's knees give way. As Harry catches him, the staff
      scatters, revealing what is written on the wall:
            Her skeleton will lie in the Chamber forever.




126   INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                          126

      Harry and a very upset Ron walk with desperate purpose.

                                 RON

                   She knew something, Harry. She'd
                   found out something about the
                   Chamber of Secrets. That's why
                   she was taken. I mean, she was --
                   is -- a pure-blood. There can't
                   be any other reason.

                                 HARRY

                           (pulling him away)
                   C'mon. Let's go see Lockhart. He
                   may be a brainless git, but he's
                   going to try and get into the
                   Chamber. We can tell him what we
                   know...

                                 RON

                   Harry. D'you think there's any
                   chance at all she's not, you
                   know --
      Harry glances over, studies Ron's tortured eyes.

                                 HARRY

                   We'll find her, Ron.   Ginny's
                   going to be fine.

                                                     (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 1/28/02                     113/114.




126   CONTINUED:                                                     126




      Ron nods, smiles shakily, and looks away.        As he does,
      Harry's face changes, looks troubled.
      Even he doesn't believe what he's just said.







127   OMITTED                                                        127





128   INT. GILDEROY LOCKHART'S OFFICE - NIGHT                        128

      Harry and Ron DASH inside.

                                 HARRY

                   Professor, we've got some
                   information for you --
      Harry and Ron stop dead. Lockhart's office is stripped
      to the shelves. Two LARGE TRUNKS stand open.

                                 HARRY

                   Are you going somewhere?

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   Um, well, yes. Urgent call.
                   Unavoidable. Got to go...

                                 RON

                   What about my sister?

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   Well, as to that -- most
                   unfortunate. No one regrets more
                   than I --

                                 RON

                   You're the Defense Against the
                   Dark Arts teacher! You can't go
                   now!

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   I must say, when I took the job,
                   nothing in the job description --

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              115.





128   CONTINUED:                                                     128





                                 HARRY

                   You're running away? After all
                   that stuff you did in your books?




                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   Books can be misleading.

                                 HARRY

                   You wrote them!

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   My dear boy, do use your common
                   sense. My books wouldn't have
                   sold half as well if people didn't
                   think I'd done all those things.
                   No one wants to read about some
                   ugly old Armenian warlock, even if
                   he did save a village from
                   werewolves. He'd look dreadful on
                   the front cover. No dress sense
                   at all...

                                 HARRY

                   You're a fraud! You've just been
                   taking credit for what a load of
                   other wizards have done!

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   Harry, Harry, Harry. There was
                   work involved. I had to track
                   these people down and ask them
                   exactly how they managed to do
                   what they did. No, it's not all
                   book signings and publicity
                   photos. You want fame, you have
                   to be prepared for a long, hard
                   slog.

                                 RON

                   Is there anything you can do?

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   Yes, now that you mention it. I'm
                   rather gifted with Memory Charms.
                   Otherwise, you see, all those
                   wizards would've gone blabbing and
                   I'd never have sold another book.
                   I'm afraid I'll have to do the
                   same to you both, lest you do the
                   same.
      Lockhart lifts his wand, but Harry is quicker.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                               116.





128   CONTINUED:    (2)                                               128





                                   HARRY

                   Expelliarmus!
      Lockhart BLASTS backwards, toppling into one of the open
      trunks, his wand flying across the floor.

                                 HARRY

                   Looks like those Dueling Lessons
                   came in handy after all,
                   Professor.




129   OMITTED                                                         129





130   INT. GIRLS' BATHROOM - NIGHT                                    130

      Lockhart walks ahead of Harry and Ron, their wands
      pointed at him. Moaning Myrtle floats above the cistern.

                                 MOANING MYRTLE

                   Who's there? Oh...
                           (smiles, flirty)
                   Hello, Harry. What do you want?

                                 HARRY

                   To ask you how you died.

                                 MOANING MYRTLE

                           (flattered)
                   Oooooh, it was dreadful. It
                   happened right here. In this very
                   cubicle. I'd hidden because Olive
                   Hornby was teasing me about my
                   glasses. I was crying, and then I
                   heard somebody come in.

                                 HARRY

                   Who was it, Myrtle?

                                 MOANING MYRTLE

                   I don't know! I was distraught!
                   But they said something funny. A
                   kind of made-up language. And I
                   realized it was a boy speaking.
                   So I unlocked the door, to tell
                   him to go away, and... I died.

                                 HARRY

                   Just like that? How?

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                                117.





130   CONTINUED:                                                       130





                                 MOANING MYRTLE

                   No idea. I just remember seeing a
                   pair of great big yellow eyes.
                   Over there...



      Myrtle points to the bank of sinks. Harry and Ron hurry
      over, examining the pipes below, the tile above, then...
      Harry sees it: etched on one of the COPPER TAPS is a

      TINY SNAKE.


                                 HARRY

                   This is it, Ron. This is the
                   entrance to the Chamber of
                   Secrets.

                                 RON

                   Say something, Harry. Say
                   something in Parseltongue.
      Harry stares off self-consciously at the tiny snake.

                                 HARRY

                   Open up.
      Ron shakes his head.      Harry's spoken in his regular
      voice.

                                 RON

                   English.
      Harry concentrates harder this time, staring so intensely
      that the snake almost looks alive. When, finally, he
      speaks, it is more like a HISS. Parseltongue. The
      circular group of sinks OPEN and a LARGE, OPEN PIPE is
      exposed.

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   Excellent, Harry. Good work.
                   Well then. I'll just be going.
                   There's no need for me...

                                 HARRY

                   Oh, yes there is. You first.
      Harry points his wand at Lockhart, then the opening.

                                  GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   Now, boys.   What good will it do?

                                 RON

                   A bloody lot of good if it's a
                   two-hundred-foot drop onto jagged
                   rocks.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              118.





130   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              130




      Lockhart steps grimly to the dark, gaping hole. Ron
      gives him a shove and he topples headfirst and out of
      sight. They wait. Finally...




                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART (O.S.)

                   It's really quite filthy down
                   here.

                                  HARRY

                   All right.   Let's go.

                                 MOANING MYRTLE

                   Oh, Harry... if you die down
                   there, you're welcome to share my
                   toilet.

                                 HARRY

                   Thanks, Myrtle.
      Harry turns.     Jumps.   Seconds later, Ron follows.




131   INT. PIPE - NIGHT                                              131

      Harry and Ron slide wicked fast, in a hair-raising
      vertical plummet, catching glimpses of other, smaller
      pipes branching off in all directions, twisting and
      turning until the pipe levels off, dumps them onto the
      damp floor of a stone tunnel.




132   INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT                                            132

      Lockhart stares miserably at the muck dripping from his
      robes. Harry takes a TORCH from the wall, poises his
      wand.

                                 HARRY

                   Lumos!
      The torch blooms with a BRIGHT ORANGE FLAME.

                                 HARRY

                   Remember. Any sign of movement,
                   close your eyes straight away.
      Harry leads the way down the tunnel. CRUNCH! They look
      down: a rat's skull. All around them, the ground is
      littered with TINY SKELETONS. Ron squints, sees
      something HUGE and CURVED lying ahead. When he speaks,
      his voice is hollow with dread.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              119.





132   CONTINUED:                                                     132





                                  RON

                   What's that?   Up ahead?

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   That looks like a... snake.
      Terrified, Lockhart quickly HIDES HIS EYES.

                                 HARRY

                   Maybe it's asleep.
      Ron draws his wand as they approach, squinting. Harry
      shines his light, revealing... a gigantic COIL of EMPTY

      SKIN.


                                 RON

                   Bloody hell. Whatever shed this
                   must be twenty feet long. Or
                   more.
      THUD!   They turn.     Lockhart has passed out.

                                 RON

                   Heart of a lion, this one.
      Ron kneels by him, when... Lockhart's eyes open and,
      quick as a fox... he snatches Ron's wand and scrambles to
      his feet.

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                   The adventure ends here, boys!
                   But don't fret. The world will
                   know our story. How I was too
                   late to save the girl. How you
                   two tragically lost your minds at
                   the sight of her mangled body.
                   I'll even bind a limited edition
                   in this snake skin. Say goodbye
                   to your memories.
                           (raising Ron's wand)
                   Obliviate!
      Ron's WAND EXPLODES like a small BOMB, BLASTING Lockhart
      OFF HIS FEET and SPITTING great JETS of FIRE into the
      rock above. As RUBBLE RAINS, Ron LEAPS one way and Harry
      the other. Harry sits up, squints through the settling
      dust. A SOLID WALL of BROKEN ROCK seals the tunnel
      between him and Ron. INTERCUT Harry and Ron.

                                  HARRY

                   Ron?   Are you okay?

                                                     (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02                   120.




132   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              132





                                 RON

                   I'm okay. This git's not, though.
                   He got blasted by my wand.



      Lockhart sits up, dazed. Ron picks up a rock and CONKS
      him on the head. Lockhart PASSES OUT. Ron calls to
      Harry.

                                 RON

                   What now?

                                 HARRY

                   Wait here. I'll go on. I'll go
                   on and... find Ginny. If I'm not
                   back in an hour...
      He leaves it there.

                                 RON

                   I'll try and shift some of this
                   rock. So you can get back
                   through. And, Harry --

                                 HARRY

                   See you in a bit.
      Harry glances at the snake skin at his feet, moves off.
      He steps carefully through the shadows until he reaches a
      TOWERING STONE WALL, carved with TWIN SERPENTS.

                                  HARRY

                            (Parseltongue)
                   Open.
      The serpents part and the GIANT WALL SLIDES OPEN.      Harry
      removes his wand and ENTERS.




133   INT. CHAMBER OF SECRETS - NIGHT                                133

      A vast chamber stretches ahead. Along the path are rows
      of STONE SERPENTS. The serpents rest in pools of black
      water. Ahead is an enormous STATUE of SALAZAR SLYTHERIN.
      Several feet in front of the statue, Ginny Weasley lies
      motionless. As Harry dashes and takes her into his arms,
      her head lolls to one side, cheeks white as marble. A
      pale hand clutches TOM RIDDLE'S DIARY to her chest.
      Harry DROPS the torch, RACES to Ginny, places his wand on
      the floor and kneels beside her. (BOLD ITALICS INDICATE

      POSSIBLE FLASHBACKS.)


                                  HARRY

                   Ginny!   Please don't be dead.
                            Wake up! Wake up!
                   Ginny!

                                                     (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02                    121.




133   CONTINUED:                                                      133





                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   She won't wake.
      Harry spins. Tom Riddle stands nearby. He is strangely
      BLURRED around the edges, as though Harry was looking at
      him through a misted window.

                                 HARRY

                   Tom... Tom Riddle? What d'you
                   mean, she won't wake? She's
                   not...

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   She's still alive. But only just.

                                 HARRY

                   Are you a ghost?

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   A memory. Preserved in a diary
                   for fifty years.
      Harry looks to the diary in Ginny's hand, then places his
      own hand on Ginny's arm.

                                 HARRY

                   She's cold as ice. You've got
                   to help me, Tom. There's a
                   basilisk --

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   It won't come until it's called.
      Harry looks up, sees Riddle twirling a wand in his
      fingers.

                                 HARRY

                   Give me my wand, Tom.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   You won't be needing it.

                                 HARRY

                   Listen, we've got to go!   We've
                   got to save her!

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   I'm afraid I can't do that, Harry.
                   You see, as poor Ginny grows
                   weaker... I grow stronger.

                                 HARRY

                   But she's dying!

                                                      (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02                    122.




133   CONTINUED:    (2)                                               133





                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Yes. I'm afraid so. But then,
                   she's been in so much pain, poor
                   Ginny. She's been writing to me
                   for months, telling me all her
                   pitiful worries and woes. Ginny
                   poured her soul out to me. I grew
                   stronger on a diet of her deepest
                   fears, her darkest secrets. I
                   grew powerful enough to start
                   feeding Ginny a few secrets, to
                   start pouring a bit of my soul
                   back into her...
      Riddle, growing less vaporous by the second, grins
      cruelly.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Yes, Harry, it was Ginny Weasley
                   who opened the Chamber of Secrets.

                                 HARRY

                   No... she couldn't -- she
                   wouldn't.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   It was Ginny who set the Basilisk
                   on the Mudbloods and the Squib's
                   cat. Ginny who wrote threatening
                   messages on the walls.

                                 HARRY

                   But... Why?...

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Because I told her to. You'll
                   find that I can be very
                   persuasive. Not that she knew
                   what she was doing. She was,
                   shall we say, in a kind of trance.
                   Still, the power of the diary
                   began to scare her and she tried
                   to dispose of it in the girls'
                   bathroom. But then, who should
                   find it... but you. The very
                   person I was most anxious to meet.

                                 HARRY

                           (getting angry)
                   And why did you want to meet me?

                                                      (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02                    123.




133   CONTINUED:    (3)                                               133





                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Ginny told me all about you. I
                   knew I had to talk to you, meet
                   you if I could. So I decided to
                   show you my capture of that
                   brainless oaf, Hagrid, to gain
                   your trust.

                                 HARRY

                   Hagrid's my friend. And you
                   framed him, didn't you?

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   It was my word against Hagrid's.
                   Only Dumbledore seemed to think
                   Hagrid was innocent.

                                 HARRY

                   I'll bet Dumbledore saw right
                   through you.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   I knew it wouldn't be safe to open
                   the Chamber again while I was
                   still at school. So I decided to
                   leave behind a diary, preserving
                   my sixteen-year-old self in its
                   pages, so that one day... I would
                   be able to lead another to finish
                   Salazar Slytherin's noble work.

                                 HARRY

                   Well, you haven't finished it this
                   time. In a few hours Mandrake
                   Draught will be ready and everyone
                   who was petrified will be all
                   right again.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Haven't I told you, that killing
                   Mudbloods doesn't matter to me
                   anymore? For many months now, my
                   new target has been... you.
                           (grinning)
                   Imagine my disappointment when I
                   learned Ginny had stolen the diary
                   back from you.

                                 HARRY

                   Ginny stole the diary from my
                   room? But why?

                                                      (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02                    124.




133   CONTINUED:    (4)                                               133





                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   She was afraid. Afraid you'd
                   learn how to work the diary.
                   Afraid I'd tell you just who it
                   was that had been strangling all
                   those roosters.
      Horrified, Harry glances at Ginny, growing more PALE,
      then back to Riddle, who is growing more SOLID.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Come now, Harry. Don't look so
                   disappointed. Had Ginny succeeded
                   in destroying the diary, she would
                   have destroyed me. And we
                   couldn't be having this little
                   talk. And I have so many
                   questions for you.

                                HARRY

                   Like what?

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Well, how is it that a baby with
                   no extraordinary magical talent
                   managed to defeat the greatest
                   wizard of all time? How did you
                   escape with nothing but a scar,
                   while Lord Voldemort's powers were
                   destroyed?

                                 HARRY

                   Why do you care how I escaped?
                   Voldemort was after your time.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Voldemort is my past, present and
                   future.
      Riddle pulls Harry's wand from his pocket and begins to
      trace it through the air, writing three words: "TOM
      MARVOLO RIDDLE." Then, with a wave, he re-arranges them:

      "I AM LORD VOLDEMORT."


                                HARRY

                   You. You're the heir of
                   Slytherin. You're Voldemort?

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Surely you didn't think I would
                   keep my filthy Muggle father's
                   name?

                                 (MORE)


                                                      (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02                    125.




133   CONTINUED:    (5)                                               133





                                 TOM RIDDLE (CONT'D)

                   No, I fashioned myself a new name,
                   a name I knew wizards everywhere
                   would one day fear to speak, when
                   I became the greatest sorcerer in
                   the world.

                                 HARRY

                   Albus Dumbledore is the greatest
                   sorcerer in the world!

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                   Dumbledore's been driven out of
                   this castle by the mere memory of
                   me.

                                 HARRY

                   He'll never be gone! Not as long
                   as those who remain are loyal to
                   him!
      Suddenly, MUSIC... EERIE and UNEARTHLY... ECHOES deep
      within the chamber and a small, swift SHADOW ribbons over
      the rock. Flying from above is FAWKES, the Phoenix. The
      bird SWOOPS into the chamber, clutching a RAGGED BUNDLE
      in its golden talons.

                                HARRY

                   Fawkes.
      Fawkes flies toward Harry, drops the ragged bundle, which
      is the SORTING HAT, at his feet. Riddle picks it up.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                           (giggling)
                   This is what Dumbledore sends his
                   defender! A songbird and an old
                   hat!
      Riddle tosses aside the hat. He turns to the statue of
      Salazar Slytherin and speaks in Parseltongue.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                           (Parseltongue)
                   Speak to me, Slytherin.
      Suddenly, the stone face's MOUTH OPENS. There is a
      RUMBLING SOUND, followed by the sound of SLITHERING.
      Harry turns away. The Basilisk, A GIANT SERPENT, spills
      out, uncoiling heavily to the floor. Harry turns to the
      wall. The shadow of the serpent is visible on the wall.
      PAN TO Tom Riddle, looking at Harry.

                                                      (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/21/02                  126.




133    CONTINUED:    (6)                                             133





                                  TOM RIDDLE

                    Let's match the powers of Lord
                    Voldemort, Heir of Salazar
                    Slytherin, against the famous
                    Harry Potter, shall we?
       Riddle turns, to serpent, speaking in Parseltongue.

                                  TOM RIDDLE

                            (Parseltongue)
                    Kill him!
       The HISSING SERPENT shoots forward.     Harry turns, RUNS away.

                                  TOM RIDDLE

                    Parseltongue won't save you now,
                    Potter. The Basilisk only obeys me.

                                  HARRY

                            (to himself)
                    Don't look. Don't look into its
                    eyes.
       Harry RACES along the stone path, but the giant serpent
       is FASTER. Harry TRIPS. FALLS. The Basilisk RISES.
       Harry looks to the wall, sees the serpent about to strike.
       Suddenly FAWKES SCREECHES, soaring toward the Basilisk
       and circling its blunt head, confusing it. The SNAKE
       SNAPS furiously, when... Fawkes drops like a knife,
       driving its talons deep into the serpent's glittering
       eyes.
       As Harry watches the angry play of shadows on the wall,
       the BASILISK ROARS, HISSING in pain. Fawkes wings away,
       its talons dripping with blood and Harry turns, LOOKS:
       the Basilisk's eyes are a blind, bloody mess.

                                  TOM RIDDLE

                    Fool! Think you're safe!   It can
                    still hear you!
       As Harry flees, the serpent thunders after, STRIKING
       BLINDLY as its whipping tail SHATTERS a Slytherin STATUE.
       Harry dodges and ducks, then, seeing the snake about to
       strike again... LEAPS CLEAR, stumbling toward a SIDE

       TUNNEL.





133A   INT. CHAMBER OF SECRETS - SIDE TUNNEL - NIGHT                 133A

       Harry RACES HEADLONG into the shadows, then looks back,
       sees the snake eclipse the light at the far end of the
       tunnel and SLITHER QUICKLY inside.

                                                  (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 2/19/02               126A.




133A   CONTINUED:                                                 133A




       Thinking, Harry DUCKS INTO AN ALCOVE, puts his hand over
       his mouth and waits, desperate to remain STILL and
       SILENT. The snake slides heavily by, then... SLOWS.

       TURNS BACK.




       The snake's head weaves inside, only INCHES from Harry's
       face. Harry trembles as the snake's head cocks to the
       side, then... finally... WITHDRAWS.




133B   INT. CHAMBER OF SECRETS - NIGHT                            133B

       Harry DASHES back into the main chamber. Ginny looks
       frighteningly pale. Riddle GRINS cruelly, almost SOLID
       now.

                                                 (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                   127.




133B   CONTINUED:                                                    133B





                                  TOM RIDDLE

                    Yes, Potter. The process is
                    nearly complete. In a few
                    minutes, Ginny Weasley will be
                    dead. And I will cease to be a
                    memory. Lord Voldemort will
                    return. Very much... alive.
       Harry moves toward Ginny, then suddenly... the BASILISK
       SHOOTS OUT of the TUNNEL, HISSING directly in front of
       Harry. Trapped, Harry glances around, then --
       impulsively -- LEAPS upward, begins to scale the statue
       of Salazar Slytherin. The serpent strikes madly, but
       Harry continues on, CLIMBING BOLDLY until he reaches the
       top. He turns. Sees the Sorting Hat. Sees what
       glitters within: the RUBY HANDLE of a SWORD.
       Harry WHEELS, sword in hand, and fends off the slashing
       serpent like St. George and the dragon. In a mad rush of
       courage, he PITCHES HIMSELF onto the serpent, SLIDES DOWN
       its back and rolls up, SWORD RAISED. Too tired to flee,
       Harry simply waits. The serpent rises and, FANGS

       BARED... STRIKES.

       Marshalling every ounce of strength left to him, Harry
       drives the sword upward, deep into the roof of the
       SERPENT'S mouth. It HISSES in PAIN, thrashing MADLY as
       it drives a FANG into Harry's arm. Harry clutches his
       arm in agony, stumbles back and falls to the floor,
       watching as the serpent THRASHES briefly... then goes

       STILL.

       Harry peers down, sees the FANG that pierces his arm, the
       blood soaking slowly into his robe. As he yanks the fang
       free, Riddle steps forward, almost fully whole now. His
       eyes shine at the sight of Harry's wound.

                                  TOM RIDDLE

                    Remarkable, isn't it? How quickly
                    the venom of the Basilisk
                    penetrates the body? If you have
                    any final words, Potter, you'd
                    best speak them now. I'd guess
                    you have little more than a minute
                    to live.
       Harry blinks heavily, watching as the skin of his forearm
       turns a troubling gray.

                                                     (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                 127A.




133B   CONTINUED:    (1A)                                        133B





                                  TOM RIDDLE

                    So ends the famous Harry Potter.
                    On his knees in the Chamber of
                    Secrets. Defeated at last by the
                    Dark Lord he so unwisely
                    challenged. You'll be back with
                    your dear Mudblood mother soon,
                    Harry...
       As Riddle talks, Harry glances at Ginny, nearly white
       now, a small ghost, the only evidence of life the
       TREMBLING OF A SINGLE FINGER. Harry studies the finger
       and what lies beneath it: Tom Riddle's diary. Harry
       begins to crawl toward her.

                                                   (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/16/02                   128.




133B   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              133B





                                  TOM   RIDDLE

                    Funny, isn't it?    The damage a
                    silly little book   can do?
                    Especially in the   hands of a silly
                    little girl.
       As Harry reaches Ginny, he places his hand on hers,
       then... slips the diary free.

                                  TOM RIDDLE

                    What are you doing? No.     Stop...
       Riddle's face creases in fear. He LUNGES FORWARD. But
       Harry is too quick. Raising his hand high... he PLUNGES
       THE FANG into the book. Instantly, BLACK INK SPURTS from
       the pages.

                                 TOM RIDDLE

                    No!
       Riddle SHRIEKS, writhing in pain. His body begins to
       wither instantly, growing BLURRY once more. As the ink
       runs off Harry's fingers to the floor, Riddle VANISHES
       altogether. Harry sinks back, then... hears a FAINT
       MOAN. Ginny STIRS, color blooming in her cheeks. As she
       sees Harry, she SOBS.

                                  GINNY

                    Harry. It was me! But I swear, I
                    didn't mean to... Riddle made me.
                    He wrote to me... took me over...
                    I didn't even know whose diary it
                    was. I found it inside my
                    cauldron. The day we all went to
                    Diagon Alley and... Harry. You're
                    hurt...

                                  HARRY

                    Ginny. You need to get yourself
                    out... Follow the chamber...
                    You'll find Ron...
       There is a RUSH OF WINGS and Fawkes circles down, lays
       his head onto Harry's arm.

                                  HARRY

                    You were brilliant, Fawkes. I
                    just... wasn't quick enough.
       Then Harry blinks, looks down. Thick pearly TEARS are
       trickling down Fawkes' face and onto his arm. Almost
       instantly, his wound... begins to heal itself.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                                129.





133B   CONTINUED:    (3)                                               133B





                                  HARRY

                    Of course. Dumbledore told me.
                    Phoenix tears have healing powers.
                            (looking up at Ginny)
                    It's all right, Ginny. It's over.
                    It's just a memory...




134    INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT (LATER)                                     134

       With Fawkes gliding gracefully ahead of them, Harry and
       Ginny make their way back. Up ahead, SHIFTING ROCK can
       be heard and a jagged fissure of LIGHT GLIMMERS. Ron's
       face appears.

                                    RON

                    Ginny!
       Ron wriggles through, rushes forward and hugs Ginny.

                                    RON

                    You're alive.    I can't believe it.

                                  GINNY

                    I'm going to be expelled, I just
                    know it!

                                  RON

                            (to Harry)
                    Remind you of anyone?

                                  HARRY

                    Where's Lockhart?
       Harry eyes Lockhart, sitting by himself, HUMMING
       placidly.

                                  RON

                    His Memory Charm backfired.
                    Hasn't got a clue who he is. I
                    keep having to stop him wandering
                    off. He's a danger to himself.

                                 GILDEROY LOCKHART

                    Hello. Odd sort of place, this,
                    isn't it? Do you live here?

                                    RON

                    No.
       Ron turns, raises his eyebrows at Harry. Harry looks
       upward. There is an opening, hundreds of feet up. Just
       then, Fawkes circles back, fluttering in front of Harry.

                                                       (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/16/02                  130.




134    CONTINUED:                                                    134





                                  RON

                    What's with the bird?

                                  HARRY

                    I think... I think he's telling me
                    he can take us out of here.




134A   INT. ROCKY TUNNEL - NIGHT (LATER)                             134A

       A CURIOUS, GLIDING SHADOW RIPPLES across the cavernous
       wall, and then Harry, Ron, Ginny and Lockhart soar out of
       the darkness, linked hand in hand. Fawkes is flying them
       home.

                                   GILDEROY LOCKHART

                    Amazing!   This is just like magic!




134B   OMITTED                                                       134B





135    INT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - DAY                                135

       Harry and Ron, covered in muck and slime -- stand in
       Dumbledore's office. Fawkes perches on a pedestal behind
       Dumbledore, who sits at his desk, examining the charred
       diary. He looks up, regarding Harry and Ron gravely.

                                  DUMBLEDORE

                    Ingenious. Simply... ingenious.
                            (looking up)
                    Of course, Tom Riddle was probably
                    the most brilliant student
                    Hogwarts has ever seen. I taught
                    him myself fifty years ago. After
                    he left, I would occasionally hear
                    stories of his activities -- dark
                    rumors -- but after awhile, even
                    the rumors stopped. When he
                    finally resurfaced as Lord
                    Voldemort, most people had
                    completely forgotten the clever
                    Head Boy he'd once been.

                                  GINNY

                    I didn't know whose diary it was,
                    sir. I swear. I found it inside
                    my cauldron.
                            (to the others)
                    The day we all went to Diagon
                    Alley.

                                                     (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/17/02                    131.




135   CONTINUED:                                                      135




      Hearing this, Harry frowns in thought, recollecting...

                                 GINNY

                   But I understand if... given all
                   the trouble I've caused... if
                   you --

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Wiser wizards than you have been
                   hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort, Miss
                   Weasley. No, I think you've
                   endured enough. I would suggest a
                   bit of bed rest, however. And
                   perhaps a large mug of hot
                   chocolate. I always find that
                   cheers me up. Minerva, will you
                   show Arthur and Molly up to the
                   hospital wing?
                                 PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                   Certainly, Albus.
      As they exit, Harry and Ron watch them go.        Mrs.
      Weasley's VOICE carries:

                                 MRS. WEASLEY

                   A diary that writes back to you!
                   Honestly, Ginny! What were you
                   thinking? Haven't I always told
                   you? Never trust anything that
                   can think for itself if you can't
                   see where it keeps its brain!
      Harry and Ron turn back.     See Dumbledore regarding them
      gravely.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   You two realize, of course, that
                   in the last few hours, you have
                   broken perhaps a dozen school
                   rules?

                                HARRY/RON

                   Yes, sir.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   And that there is sufficient
                   evidence to expel you both?

                                HARRY/RON

                   Yes, sir.

                                                      (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/17/02                 131A.




135   CONTINUED:    (1A)                                         135





                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Therefore, it seems only
                   fitting...
                           (eyes twinkling)
                   That you both receive Special
                   Awards for Services to the School.
                   And -- let me see -- yes, I think
                   two hundred points apiece, which,
                   I believe, should be more than
                   enough to secure Gryffindor the
                   House Cup.

                                                   (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/16/02                  132.




135   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             135





                                 HARRY/RON

                           (grinning)
                   Thank you, sir.




                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Now, Mr. Weasley, if you would,
                   have an owl deliver these release
                   papers to Azkaban. We need our
                   gamekeeper back.
      Ron nods, takes the envelope and exits.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   First, Harry, I want to thank you.
                   You must have shown me real
                   loyalty down in the Chamber.
                   Nothing but that could have called
                   Fawkes to you. Secondly, I sense
                   you're troubled by something. Am
                   I right?

                                 HARRY

                   It's just, you see, sir, I
                   couldn't help noticing certain
                   things. Certain similarities.
                   Between Tom Riddle and me.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                133.




135   CONTINUED:    (3)                                          135





                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   You can speak Parseltongue, Harry,
                   because Lord Voldemort can speak
                   Parseltongue. Unless I'm much
                   mistaken, he transformed some of
                   his own powers to you the night he
                   gave you that scar.

                                 HARRY

                   Voldemort put a bit of himself in
                   me?

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Not intentionally, but... yes.

                                 HARRY

                   So the Sorting Hat was right.    I
                   should be a Slytherin.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   It's true, Harry. You do possess
                   many of the qualities Voldemort
                   himself prizes. Resourcefulness.
                   Determination. A certain
                   disregard for the rules. Yet the
                   Sorting Hat placed you in
                   Gryffindor.

                                 HARRY

                   Only because I asked it to.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Exactly. Which makes you very
                   different from Voldemort. It's
                   not our abilities that show what
                   we truly are, Harry. It's our
                   choices.
                           (smiling at him)
                   If you want proof that you belong
                   in Gryffindor, Harry, I suggest
                   you look more closely at this.
      Dumbledore hands the bloodstained sword to Harry. An
      ENGRAVED NAME glimmers above the ruby-encrusted hilt.

                                 HARRY

                   'Godric Gryffindor.'

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Only a true Gryffindor could have
                   pulled that out of the Hat.



      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                   134.




135   CONTINUED:    (4)                                              135




      Suddenly, Lucius Malfoy enters, dragging... Dobby by the
      ear.

                                 HARRY

                   Dobby! This is your Master? The
                   family you serve is the Malfoys!
      Dobby nods, chagrined.     Lucius Malfoy brushes past Harry.

                                 LUCIUS MALFOY

                   Out of my way, Potter.
                           (to Dumbledore)
                   So! You've returned!

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Yes. When the governors heard
                   that Arthur Weasley's daughter had
                   been taken into the Chamber, they
                   saw fit to summon me back.
                           (a wry smile)
                   Curiously, several of them seemed
                   under the impression that you
                   would curse their families if they
                   didn't agree to suspend me in the
                   first place, Lucius.

                                 LUCIUS MALFOY

                   From the beginning, my only
                   concern has been the welfare of
                   this school and its students.
                   I assume the culprit has been
                   identified.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Oh yes. It was Voldemort. Only
                   this time, he chose to act through
                   someone else. By means of...
                   this.
      As Dumbledore nudges the diary toward Lucius Malfoy,
      Harry sees Dobby nod meaningfully from the diary to
      Lucius.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Fortunately, our young Mr. Potter
                   discovered it.
                           (a chill to his voice)
                   One only hopes that no more of
                   Lord Voldemort's old school things
                   find their way into innocent
                   hands. The consequences for the
                   one responsible could be...
                   severe.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 3/1/02                       135.




135    CONTINUED:    (5)                                                 135




       Lucius Malfoy stares icily at Dumbledore, then turns
       away.

                                   LUCIUS MALFOY

                    Come, Dobby.   We're leaving.
       As Dobby scuttles toward the door, Lucius Malfoy KICKS
       HIM through it, then exits himself. Harry stares at the
       empty doorway as DOBBY'S PAINFUL SQUEALS ECHO from the
       corridor.

                                 HARRY

                    Sir? I wonder if I could have
                    that.
       Dumbledore looks up, follows Harry's eyes to the diary.




135A   EXT. DUMBLEDORE'S OFFICE - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                    135A

       As the elevator opens, Harry dashes out.

                                    HARRY

                    Mr. Malfoy!    I have something of
                    yours.
       Harry comes up running, thrusts the diary into Malfoy's
       hand.

                                  LUCIUS MALFOY

                    Mine? I don't know what you're
                    talking about.

                                  HARRY

                    I think you do, sir. I think you
                    slipped it into Ginny Weasley's
                    cauldron that day in Diagon Alley.
       Malfoy shoves the diary into Dobby's face, then leans
       close to Harry and, with a nasty grin, WHISPERS:

                                   LUCIUS MALFOY

                    Prove it!
       He turns away. As Dobby looks sadly back, clutching the
       diary in his hand, Harry mouths the words: Open it.
       Dobby looks down curiously. Inside... is a SOCK. He

       GASPS.


                                   LUCIOUS MALFOY

                                   Dobby!
                    Dobby, come!

                                                         (CONTINUED)




       THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/3/02                      136.




135A   CONTINUED:                                                       135A





                                  DOBBY

                            (in wonderment)
                    Master has given Dobby a sock.
                    Master has presented Dobby with
                    clothes. Dobby is... free!

                                   LUCIUS MALFOY

                    What?   I didn't --
       He wheels, sees Harry standing with one leg crossed: His
       right ankle is bare. Instantly, Malfoy charges forth.

                                  LUCIUS MALFOY

                    You've lost me my servant!

                                  DOBBY

                    You shall not harm Harry Potter!
       Dobby steps between and -- BANG! Malfoy flies backwards,
       lands in a crumpled heap. Rising, he stares murderously
       at Harry.

                                  LUCIUS MALFOY

                    Mark my words, Harry Potter.
                    You'll meet the same sticky end as
                    your parents one of these days.
                    They were meddlesome fools too.
       With that, he turns, storms off.

                                  DOBBY

                    Harry Potter freed Dobby!      How can
                    Dobby ever repay him?

                                  HARRY

                    Just promise me something.

                                  DOBBY

                    Anything, sir.

                                  HARRY

                    Never try to save my life again.
       Dobby grins then and -- CRACK! -- is gone.

136    OMITTED                                                          136





137    INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT                                          137

       Fear and suspicion banished, the House tables abuzz with
       excitement and anticipation... all except the Slytherins,
       who do not share the general feeling.

                                                        (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/3/02                   137.




137   CONTINUED:                                                    137




      Seated at the tables, are the formerly petrified, revived
      students. Justin Finch-Fletchley joins his fellow
      Hufflepuffs. Colin Creevey SNAPS photos of the
      proceedings.



      At the rear of the hall, standing near the entrance,
      Filch is reunited with Mrs. Norris. Then... Hermione
      enters, searching the room for Harry and Ron. Finally,
      she sees them. Smiles. Runs forward and embraces Harry.

                                 HERMIONE

                   You solved it! You solved it!

                                 HARRY

                   With loads of help from you.
      She turns to embrace Ron. They pause, an awkward moment
      between them and... shake hands instead.

                                 RON

                   Welcome back, Hermione.
      McGonagall taps her goblet.     Dumbledore stands.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Before we begin our feast, let's
                   give a round of applause to
                   Professor Sprout and Madame
                   Pomfrey, whose Mandrake Juice has
                   been successfully administered to
                   all those who had been petrified.
      Everyone applauds.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Also, in the wake of recent
                   events, as a school treat, all
                   exams have been cancelled.
      Everyone cheers, save for Hermione.

                                HERMIONE

                   Oh, no!
      At the rear of the Hall, the great doors OPEN. It's
      Hagrid. He enters. Stops. Looks around. The room
      falls SILENT. All eyes upon him. He glances around.
      Nervous. Embarrassed.

                                 HAGRID

                   Sorry I'm late. The owl deliverin'
                   my release papers got all lost 'n
                   confused. Some ruddy bird named
                   Errol.

                                                    (CONTINUED)




      THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS - Rev. 4/3/02                    138.




137   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              137




      Ron exchanges a nervous glance with Dumbledore. Hagrid
      looks at all of the faces staring at him. He turns to
      Harry.




                                 HAGRID

                   I jus' want to say... that if it
                   wasn't fer' you, Harry... you an'
                   Ron... and Hermione... Well, I
                   jus' want to say... Thanks.

                                 HARRY

                   There's no Hogwarts without you,
                   Hagrid.
      Just then... Dumbledore gets to his feet and... slowly...
      brings his hands together. The others join him. Soon,
      everyone is on their feet and the Hall ROARING. As the
      students surround Hagrid, he blinks, wipes at his eyes,
      and...
      CAMERA PULLS BACK, THROUGH the window, leaving the
      celebration. WE CONTINUE TO CRANE BACK... BACK... TO a
      WIDE SHOT OF HOGWARTS... glittering gloriously in the
      night.


EXT. SPACE
A vast sea of stars severas as a backdrop for the Main Title, following by a rollup, whcih crawls into infinity.

                There is unrest in the Galactic Senate
                Several hundred solar systems under
                the leadership of the rebel leader, Count
                Dooku, have decalred their intentions to
                secede from the Republic.

                This separatist movement has made it
                difficult for the limited number of
                Jedi Kights to maintain peace and
                order in the galaxy.

                Senator Amidala, the former Queen of
                Naboo, is returning to Coruscant
                to vote on the critical issue
                of creating an army to assist the
                overwhelmed Jedi.

PAN UP to reveal the amber city planet of Coruscant. A yellow Naboo Fighter flies OVER CAMERA toward the planet, followed by a large Royal Cruiser and two more Fighters.

EXT. CITYSCAPE, CORUSCANT - DAWN
The ships skim across the surface of the city landscape. The sun glints off the chrome hulls of the sleek Naboo spacecraft as they navigate between the buildings of the capital planet.

EXT. CORUSCANT, LANDING PLATFORM - DAWN
Two Naboo Fighters land on one leaf of a three-leaf-clover landing platform. The Royal Starship lands on the central lead, and the third Fighter lands on the remaining plaform.

A small GROUP OF DIGNITARIES waits to welcome the Senator. One of the members of the group os a well dressed JAR JAR BINKS, a member of the Galactic Representative Commission, and DORME, Senator Amidala's handmaiden.

One of the FIGHTER PILOTS jumps from the wing of his ship and removes his helmet. He is CAPTAIN TYPHO, SENATOR AMIDALA'S Security Officer. He moves over to a WOMAN PILOT.

CAPTAIN TYPHO
We made it. I guess I was wrong,
there was no danger at all.

The ramp ;pwers. TWO NABOO GUARDS appear. SENATOR AMIDALA, ONE HANDMAIDEN (VERSE) and FOUR TROOPERS descend the ramp. AMIDALA is more beautiful now than she was ten years earlier when, as Queen, she was freeing her people from the yoke of the Trade Federation.

The DIGNITARIES start to move forward. SENATOR AMIDALA reaches the foot of the ramp, when suddenly there is a blinding FLASH and a huge EXPLOSION. The DIGNITARIES and PILOTS are hurled to the ground as the starship is destroyed.

Klaxons blare, alarms sound! CAPTAIN TYPHO and the TWO ESCORT PILOTS get up and run to where SENATOR AMIDALA lies dying. Beyond, ARTOO DETOO drops down from the Naboo Fighter and rolls toward the wreckage. The FEMALE ESCORT PILOT kneels by SENATOR AMIDALA and takes off her helmet, revealing SENATOR PADME AMIDALA.

                PADMÉ 
            Cordé...

She gathers up her decoy double in her arms. Cordé's eyes are open. She looks up at her.

                CORDÉ
            ... I'm sorry, m'lady... I'm... not sure I... 

CORDÉ dies. PADMÉ hugs her.

                AMIDALA
            No!... No!... No!...

PADMÉ lowers CORDÉ to the ground. She gets up and looks around at the devastation. There are tears in her eyes.

                AMIDALA
            I should not have come back.

                CAPTAIN TYPHO
            M'Lady, you are still in danger.

Amidala says nothing.

                CAPTAIN TYPHO
            This vote is very important. You did
            your duty and Cordé did hers. Now
            come. (she doesn't respond) M'Lady,
            please!

She turns. They walk away. ARTOO lets out a small whimper and rolls off after them.

EXT. SENATE BUILDING - DAY 
The massive Senate Building glistens in the afternoon sun. Small patches of fog have still to burn off.

INT. SENATE CHAMBER - DAY
The vast rotunda is buzzing with chatter. MAS AMEDDA, the Supreme Chancellor's majordomo, tries to quiet things down as PALPATINE confers with an AIDE, UV GIZEN, riding a small one man floating scooter.

                MAS AMEDDA
            Order! We shall have order! The motion
            for the Republic to commission an army
            takes precedent, and that is what we
            will vote on at this time.

Everything quiets down. The AIDE disperses, and SUPREME CHANCELLOR PALPATINE steps to the podium.

                PALPATINE
            ...My esteemed colleagues, excuse
            me... I have just received some
            tragic and disturbing news. Senator
            Amidala of the Naboo system... Has
            been assassinated!

There is a shock silence in the vast arena.

                PALPATINE
                (continued)
            This grievous blow is especially
            personal to me. Before I became
            Chancellor, I served Amidala when
            she was Queen. She was a great
            leader who fought for justice, not
            only in this honourable assembly,
            but also on her home planet. She
            was so loved she could have been
            elected queen for life. She
            believed in public service, and
            she fervently believed in
            democracy. Her death is a great
            loss to us all. We will all mourn
            her as a relentless champion of
            freedom... and as a dear friend.

There is a moment of silence. ASK AAK, the SENATOR of MALASTARE, moves his pod into the centre of the arena.

                SENATOR ASK AAK
            How many more Senators will die
            before this civil strife ends! We
            must confront these rebels now,
            and they need an army to do it.

A second pod moves into the centre of the area with DARSANA, the 
AMBASSADOR OF GLEE ANSELM.

                AMBASSADOR DARSANA
            Why weren't the Jedi able to stop
            this assassination? We are no
            longer safe, under their protection.

Senator ORN FREE TAA swings forward in his pod.

                ORN FREE TAA
            The Republic needs more security
            now! Before it comes to war.

                PALPATINE
            Must I remind the Senator from
            Malastare that negotiations are
            continuing with the separatists.
            Peace is our objective here... not
            war.

The SENATORS yell pro and con. MAS AMEDDA tries to calm things down. SENATOR PADME AMIDALA, with CAPTAIN TYPHO, JAR JAR, and DORME, manoeuvre her pod into the centre of the vast arena.

                AMIDALA
            My noble colleagues, I concur with
            the Supreme Chancellor. At all
            costs, we do not want war!

The Senate goes quiet, then there is an outburst of cheering and 
applause.

                PALPATINE
            It is with great surprise and
            joy the chair recognises the
            Senator from Naboo, Padmé Amidala.

                PADMÉ
            Less than an hour ago, an
            assassination attempt was made
            against my life. One of my
            bodyguards and six  others were
            ruthlessly and senselessly
            murdered. I was the target but,
            more importantly, I believe this
            security measure before you, was
            the target. I have led the
            opposition to build an army... but
            there is someone in this body who
            will stop at nothing to assure it's
            passage...

Many of the SENATORS boo and yell at SENATOR AMIDALA.

                PADMÉ
                 (continuing)
            I warn you, if you vote to create
            this army, war will follow. I
            have experienced the misery of war 
            first-hand; I do not wish to do it
            again.

There is sporadic yelling for and against her statements.

                PADMÉ
            Wake up, Senators... you must wake
            up! If you offer the separatists
            violence, they can only show us
            violence in return! Many will
            lose their lives. All will lose
            their freedom. This decision
            could very well destroy the very
            foundation of our great Republic.
            I pray you do not let fear push
            you into a disastrous decision.
            Vote down this security measure,
            which is nothing less than a
            declaration of war! Does anyone
            here want that? I cannot believe
            they do.

There is an undercurrent of booing... and groaning. SENATOR ORN FREE TAA moves his pod next to AMIDALA.

                ORN FREE TAA
            My motion to defer the vote must
            be dealt with first. That is the
            rule of law.

AMIDALA looks angry and frustrated. PALPATINE gives her a sympathetic look.

                PALPATINE
            Due to the lateness of the hour
            and the seriousness of this
            motion, we will take up these
            matters tomorrow. Until then, the
            Senate stands adjourned.

EXT. EXECUTIVE QUARTERS BUILDING - DAY 
The giant towers of the Republic Executive Building seem to reach the heavens. Traffic clogs the smoggy sky.

INT. CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE - DAY 
CHANCELLOR PALPATINE sits behind his desk with TWO RED-CLAD ROYAL GUARDS on either side of the door. YODA, PLOT KOON, KI-AD-MUNDI, and MACE WINDU sit acress from him.

                PALPATINE
            I don't know how much longer I can
            hold off the vote, my friends.
            More and more star systems are
            joining the separatists.

                MACE WINDU
            If they do break away -

                PALPATINE
            No! I will not let that happen!

                MACE WINDU
            But if they do, you must realise
            there aren't enough Jedi to
            protect the Republic. We are
            keepers of the peace, not soldiers.

                PALPATINE
            Master Yoda, do you think it will
            really come to war?

YODA closes his eyes.

                YODA
            Worse than war, I fear... Much
            worse. 

                PALPATINE
            What?

                MACE WINDU
            What do you sense, Master?

                YODA
            Impossible to see ... The Dark Side
            clouds everything. But this I am
            sure of -
                (opens his eyes)
            Do their duty the Jedi will.

A muted BUZZER SOUNDS. A hologram of an AIDE, DAR WAC, appears on the Chancellor's desk.

                DAR WAC
            The loyalist committee has arrived,
            my Lord. 

                PALPATINE
            Send them in.

They all stand as SENATOR AMIDALA, CAPTAIN TYPHO, JAR JAR, MAS AMEDDA, DORME, and SENATORS BAIL ORGANA, HOROX RYYDER and ORN FREE TAA enter the office. YODA and MACE WINDU move to greet the SENATOR, YODA taps AMIDALA with his cane.

                YODA
            With you the force is strong...
            young Senator. To see you alive
            brings warm feeling to my heart.

                PADMÉ
            Thank you, Master Yoda. Do you
            have any idea who was behind
            the attack?

                MACE WINDU
            Our intelligence points to
            disgruntled spice miners, on
            the moons of Naboo.

                PADMÉ
            I don't wish to disagree but I
            think that Count Dooku was behind
            it.

There is a stir of surprise.

                MACE WINDU
            You know, M'Lady, Count Dooku
            was once a Jedi. He wouldn't
            assassinate anyone, it is not in
            his character.

                KI-ADI-MUNDI
            He is a political idealist, not
            a murderer.

                YODA
            In dark times nothing is what it
            appears to be, but the fact remains
            Senator, in grave danger you are.

PALPATINE gets up, walks to the window, and looks out at the vast city.

                PALPATINE
            Count Dooku has always avoided
            any kind of conflict. It appears
            he has no desire to start a war.
            Why would he kill you? To what end?

                PADMÉ 
            I don't know, but everything in my
            being tells me he was behind it... 

After gazing out of the window for several moments Palpatine turns to 
Mace.

                PALPATINE
            Master Jedi, may I suggest that
            the Senator be placed under the
            protection of your graces.

                BAIL ORGANA
            Do you think that is a wise use
            of manpower during these stressful
            times?

                PADMÉ
            Chancellor, if I may comment, I
            do not believe the...

                PALPATINE
            ..."situation is that serious."
            No, but I do, Senator.

                PADMÉ
            Chancellor, please! I don't want
            any more guards!

                PALPATINE
            I realise all too well that
            additional security might be
            disruptive for you, but perhaps
            someone you are familiar with... an
            old friend like... Master Kenobi...

PALPATINE nods to MACE WINDU, who nods back.

                MACE WINDU
            That's possible. He has just
            returned from a Border dispute on
            Ansion.

                PALPATINE
            You must remember him, M'Lady...
            he watched over you during the
            blockade conflict.

                PADMÉ
            This is not necessary, Chancellor.

                PALPATINE
            Do it for me, M'Lady, please. I
            will rest easier. We had a big
            scare today. The thought of
            losing you is unbearable.

AMIDALA sighs as the JEDI get up to leave.

                MACE WINDU
            I will have Obi-Wan report to you
            immediately, M'Lady.

YODA leans into her ear.

                YODA
            Too little about yourself you
            worry, Senator, and too much about
            politics. Be mindful of your
            danger, Padmé. Accept our help.

As the JEDI leave the office, PALPATINE continues to pace behind his desk.

                PALPATINE
            I will not like this Republiv, that
            has stood for over a thousand
            years, be split in two

EXT. SENATE APARTMENTS - TWILIGHT
A graceful skyscraper twinkles in the evening light of Coruscant.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, APARTMENT CORRIDOR - EVENING
The door to the apartment slides open. JAR JAR walks into the corridor, where TWO JEDI are exiting the elevator. He recognises OBI-WAN and becomes extremely excited, jumping around, shaking his hand.

                JAR JAR
            Obi! Obi! Obi! Mesa sooo smilen
            to see'en yousa. Wahoooooo!

OBI-WAN smiles.

                OBI-WAN
            It's Good to see you, too, Jar Jar.

                JAR JAR
            Oops! Wheresa mesa manners?
            Excuse me, Master Obi-Wan. I
            completely forgot myself for
            a moment there. I have had to learn
            Diplodiaclect... speak it like a
            native now. Don't really see the
            point, actually, but members of
            the Senate seem to prefer it...

JAR JAR notices OBI-WAN'S APPRENTICE.

                JAR JAR
                (continuing)
            ...and this, I take it, is your
            apprentice... Nooooooooo! Annie?
            Noooooooo! Little Bitty Annie?
                (Looks at Anakin)
            Nooooooo! Yousa so biggen!
            Yiyiyiyyi! Annie!! Mesa no
            believen.

                ANAKIN
            Hi, Jar Jar.

JAR JAR grabs hold of ANAKIN and envelops him in a big hug.

                JAR JAR
            Annie! Annie! Yiyiyiyiyiyiiii!

INT. SENATE BUILDING, APARTMENT - EVENING
PADME is in a conference with CAPTAIN TYPHO and DORME. JAR JAR enters the room, followed by the TWO JEDI.

                JAR JAR
            Lookie... lookie... Oops!... Oh,
            dear, I'm afraid I've forgotten
            myself again.

PADME and TYPHO rise as OBI-WAN and ANAKIN stop before the SENATOR. OBI-WAN steps forward. ANAKIN stares at PADME. She glances at him.

                OBI-WAN
            It's a great pleasure to see you again,
            M'Lady.

                PADMÉ
            It has been far too long Master
            Kenobi. I'm so glad our paths
            have crossed again... but I must
            warn you that I think your
            presence here is unnecessary.

                OBI-WAN
            I'm sure the Jedi Council have
            their reasons.

She moves in front of ANAKIN

                PADMÉ
            Annie??
                (stares)
            My goodness you've grown.

They look at each other for a long moment.

                ANAKIN
                (trying to be smooth)
            So have you... grown more
            beautiful, I mean... and much
            shorter... for a Senator, I mean.

OBI-WAN looks disapprovingly at his apprentice. PADME laughs and shakes her head.

                PADMÉ
            Oh Annie, you'll always be that
            little boy I knew on Tatooine.

This embarrasses ANAKIN, and he looks down. OBI-WAN and CAPTAIN TYPHO smile.

                OBI-WAN
            Our presence will be invisible,
            M'Lady.

                CAPTAIN TYPHO
            I am very grateful you are here,
            Master Kenobi. The situation is
            more dangerous than the Senator
            will admit.

                PADMÉ
            I don't need more security, I need
            answers. I want to know who is
            trying to kill me.

                OBI-WAN
                (frowning)
            We're here to protect you
            Senator, not to start an
            investigation.

                ANAKIN
            We will find out who is trying to
            kill you Padmé, I promise you.

He's done it again. He bites his lip in frustration and shame. OBI-WAN gives ANAKIN a dirty look.

                OBI-WAN
            We are not going to exceed our
            mandate, my young Padawan learner.

                ANAKIN
            I meant in the interest of
            protecting her, Master, of course.

                OBI-WAN
            We are not going through this
            exercise again, Anakin. You will
            pay attention to my lead.

                ANAKIN
            Why?

                OBI-WAN
            What??!!

                ANAKIN
            Why else do you think we were
            assigned to her, if not to find
            the killer? Protection is a job
            for local security... not Jedi.
            It's overkill, Master.
            Investigation is implied in our
            mandate.

                OBI-WAN
            We will do as the Council has
            instructed, and you will learn
            your place, young one.

                PADMÉ
            Perhaps with merely your presence,
            the mysteries surrounding this
            threat will be revealed.  Now if
            you will excuse me I will retire.

Everyone gives AMIDALA a slight bow as she and DORME leave the room.

                CAPTAIN TYPHO
            Well, I know I feel a lot better
            having you here.
            I'll have an officer on every
            floor and I'll be at the command
            centre downstairs.

                JAR JAR 
            Mesa busten wit happiness seein
            Yousa again, Annie. Deesa bad
            times, bombad times.

Captain Typho leaves.

                ANAKIN
            She didn't even recognise me, Jar
            Jar. I thought about her every
            day since we parted... and she's
            forgotten me completely.

                JAR JAR
            Shesa happy. Happier den mesa
            see-en her in longo time.

                OBI-WAN
            Anakin, you're focusing on the
            Negative again. Be mindful of your
            thoughts. She was glad to see us.
            Now lets check the security here.

                ANAKIN
            Yes, my master.

EXT. JEDI TEMPLE - EVENING
The vast Jedi Temple sits on an endless flat plain, silhouetted by a against the traffic-filled sky.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, CORRIDOR - EVENING
MACE WINDU and YODA walk down the long hallways, silhouetted by a lit room at the end.

                MACE WINDU
            Why couldn't we see this attack on
            the Senator?

                YODA
            Masking the future, is this
            disturbance in the Force.

                MACE WINDU
            The propecy is coming true, the
            Dark Side is growing.

                YODA
            And only those who have turned to
            the Dark Side can sense the
            possibilities of the future. Only
            going through the Dark Side can we
            see.

                MACE WINDU
            It's been ten years, and the Sith
            still have no shown themselves.
            Do you think they are behind this?

                YODA
            ...Out there, they are. A
            certainty that is.

                MACE WINDU
            Do you think Obi-Wan's apprentice
            will be able to bring balance to
            the Force?

                YODA
            Only if he chooses to follow his
            destiny.

There is a long silence as they walk away. Only footsteps are heard.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT
PADME is asleep in her bed, lit only by the light of the city outside her window coming through the blinds. ARTOO stands in the corner of the bedroom. His power is off.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, MAIN R0OM - NIGHT
ANAKIN is standing in the living room. He is in a meditative state. It is quiet. We hear DISTANT FOOTSTEPS in the corridor outside the apartment. Suddenly ANAKIN'S eyes pop open. His eyes dart around the room. He reaches for his lightsaber, then smiles and puts it back in his belt.

The door to the apartment slides open, and OBI-WAN enters.

                OBI-WAN
            Captain Typho has more than enough
            men downstairs. No assassin will
            try that way. Any activity up
            here?

                ANAKIN
            Quiet as a tomb. I don't like
            just waiting here for something to
            happen to her.

OBI-WAN checks a palm-sized view scanner he has pulled out of his utility belt. It shows a shot of ARTOO by the door, but no sign of PADME on the bed.

                OBI-WAN
            What's going on?

ANAKIN shrugs.

                ANAKIN
            She covered that camera. I don't
            think she liked me watching her.

                OBI-WAN
            What is she thinking?

                ANAKIN
            She programmed Artoo to warn us if
            there's an intruder.

                OBI-WAN
            It's not an intruder I'm worried
            about. There are many other ways
            to kill a Senator.

                ANAKIN
            I know, but we also want to catch
            this assassin. Don't we, Master?

                OBI-WAN
            You're using her as bait??

                ANAKIN
            It was her idea... No harm will
            come to her. I can sense
            everything going on in that room.
            Trust me.

                OBI-WAN
            It's too risky... and your senses
            aren't that attuned, young
            apprentice.

                ANAKIN
            And yours are?

                OBI-WAN
            Possibly.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT
As PADME sleeps, a PROBE DROID approaches outside her window. It sends out several small arms that attach to the window, creating sparks that shut down the security system. Then a large arm cuts a small hole in the glass. A FAINT SOUND is heard as the small section of glass is removed from the window.

ARTOO wakes up, and his lights go on. The PROBE DROID freezes. ARTOO looks around, makes a PLAINTIVE LITTLE SOUND, then shuts down again. The PROBE DROID attaches a little tube to the window. TWO DEADLY LOOKING CENTIPEDE-LIKE KOUHUNS exit the tube, crawl through the blinds and head toward the sleeping PADME.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
ANAKIN and OBI-WAN continue their conversation in the main room of the apartment.

                OBI-WAN 
            You look tired.

                ANAKIN
            I don't sleep well, anymore.

                OBI-WAN 
            Because of your mother?

                ANAKIN
            I don't know why I keep dreaming
            About her now. I haven't seen her
            since I was little.

                OBI-WAN
            Dreams pass in time.

                ANAKIN
            I'd rather dream of Padmé. Just
            Being around her again is...
            intoxicating.

                OBI-WAN
            Mind your thoughts, Anakin, they
            betray you. You've made a
            commitment to the Jedi order... a
            commitment not easily broken...
            and don't forget she's a
            politician. They're not to be
            trusted.

                ANAKIN 
            She's not like the others in the
            Senate, Master.

                OBI-WAN
            It's been my experience that
            Senators are only focused on
            pleasing those who fund their
            campaigns... and they are more
            than willing to forget the
            niceties of democracy to get those
            funds.

                ANAKIN
            Not another lecture, Master. Not
            on the economics of politics....
            It's too early in the morning... and
            besides, you're generalising. The
            Chancellor doesn't appear to
            be corrupt.

                OBI-WAN
            Palpatine's a politician, I've
            observed that he is very clever at
            following the passions and
            prejudices of the Senators.

                ANAKIN
            I think he is a good man. My
            instincts are very positive
            about...

ANAKIN looks stunned. He looks sharply at OBI-WAN

                OBI-WAN
            I sense it, too.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT
ARTOO sounds an alarm and shines a light on the bed. THE KOUHUNS are inches from PADME'S face. Their mouths are open, and wicked stinger tongues flick out.


OBI-WAN and ANAKIN burst into the room. The KOUHUNS stand on their hind legs and hiss as PADME wakes up. ANAKIN throws himself in front of her, whacking in half the deadly creatures with his lightsaber.

OBI-WAN sees the DROID outside the window and raqces straight at it, crashing through the blinds as he goes through the window.

EXT. WINDOW LEDGE, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
OBI-WAN flies through the glass window and flings himself at the PROBE DROID, grabbing onto the deadly machine before it can flee. The PROBE DROID sinks under the weight of OBI-WAN but manages to stay afloat and fly away, with the Jedi hanging on for dear life, a hundred stories above the city.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
ANAKIN and PADME stare at the sight of OBI-WAN being carried off by the DROID. ANAKIN turns to her. She pulls her nightdress around her shoulders.

                ANAKIN
            Stay here!

CAPTAIN TYPHO, with TWO GUARDS and DORME, enter the room as Anakin dashes out.

EXT. CITYSCAPE, CORUSCANT - NIGHT
The PROBE DROID sends several protective electrical shocks across its surface, causing OBI-WAN to almost lose his grip. As they dart in and out of the speeder traffic, OBI-WAN disconnects a wire on the back of the DROID. Its power shuts off! OBI-WAN and the DROID drop like rocks. OBI-WAN realises the error of his ways and quickly puts the wire back. The DROID'S systems light up again and it takes off. 

EXT. SENATE APARTMENTS - ENTRANCE - NIGHT
ANAKIN charges out of the building and runs to a line of parked speeders. He vaults into an open one and takes off, gunning it fast toward the lines of speeder traffic high above.

EXT. CITYSCAPE, CORUSCANT - NIGHT
The DROID bumps against a wall, hoping to knock the Jedi loose. It moves behind a speeder afterburner to scorch him. It takesthe JEDI wildly between buildings and finally skims across a rooftop as OBI-WAN is forced to lift his legs, tenaciously hanging onto the DROID. The DROID heads for a dirty, beat-up speeder hidden in an alcove of a building about twenty stories up. When the pilot of the speeder, a scruffy bounty hunter called ZAM WESELL, sees the DROID approach with OBI-WAN hanging on, she pulls a long rifle out of the speeder and starts to fire at the JEDI. EXPLOSIONS burst all around OBI-WAN.

                OBI-WAN
            I have a bad feeling about this.

FINALLY, the DROID suffers a direct hit and blows up. OBI-WAN falls fifty stories, until a speeder drops down next to him, and he manages to grab onto the back end of the speeder and haul himself toward the cockpit. The JEDI struggles to climb into the passenger seat of the open speeder and sit down next to the driver, ANAKIN.

                ANAKIN
            That was wacky! I almost lost you
            in the traffic.

                OBI-WAN
            What took you so long?

                ANAKIN
            Oh, you know, Master, I couldn't
            find a speeder I really liked,
            with an open cockpit... and with
            the right speed capabilities...
            and then you know I had to get a
            really gonzo color...

They zoom upward in hot pursuit of ZAM asshe fires out the open window at them with her laser pistol.

                OBI-WAN
            If you'd spend as much time
            working on your saber skills as
            you do on your wit, young Padawan,
            you would rival Master Yoda as a
            swordsman.

                ANAKIN
            I thought I already did.

                OBI-WAN
            Only in your mind, my very young
            apprentice. Careful!! Hey, easy!!

As this conversation is going on, ANAKIN deftly moves in and out of the oncoming traffic, across lanes, between buildings, and miraculously through a construction site. ZAM WESELL continues firing at them.

                ANAKIN
            Sorry, I forgot you don't like
            flying, Master.

                OBI-WAN
            I don't mind flying... but
            what you're doing is suicide!

They barely miss a commuter train

                ANAKIN
            Master, you know I've been flying
            since before I could walk. I'm very
            good at this.

                OBI-WAN
            Just slow down!

ZAM WESSEL and the JEDI race through a line of cross-traffic made up of giant trucks. The speeders bank sideways as they slide around right-angle turns between buildings. ZAM races into a tram tunnel.

                OBI-WAN
                (continuing)
            Wait! Don't go in there!

ANAKIN zooms into the tunnel after ZAM. They see a tram coming at them. They brake, turn around, and race out, barely ahead of the charging commuter transport.

                OBI-WAN
                (continuing)
            You know I don't like it when you
            do that!

                ANAKIN
            Sorry, Master. Don't worry, this
            guy's gonna kill himself any
            minute now!

ZAM WESSEL turns into oncoming traffic, deliberately trying to throw the JEDI off. Oncoming speeders swerve, trying to avoid ZAM and the JEDI. ZAM does a quick, tight loop-over and ends up behind the JEDI. She is now in a much better position to fire at them with her laser pistol. To avoid being hit by the laser bolts, ANAKIN slams on the brakes and moves alongside ZAM. She now fires point-blank at OBI-WAN.

                OBI-WAN
            What are you doing? He's gonna
            blast me!

                ANAKIN
            Right - this isn't working.

ANAKIN slides underneath Zam's speeder. They race along in traffic, one speeder right on top of the other. The BOUNTY HUNTER skims over the rooftops, causing ANAKIN to drop behind. ANAKIN goes through his gears, zooming around traffic. They race at high speed across a wide, flat surface of the city planet. A large spacecraft almost collides with them as it attempts to land. They round a corner and clip a flag, which gets caught on one of the front air scoops.

                OBI-WAN
            That was too close!

                ANAKIN
            Clear that!

                OBI-WAN
            What??

                ANAKIN
            Clear the flag! We're losing
            power! Hurry!

OBI-WAN leans out of the speeder, then crawls out onto the front engine, pulling the flag free of the scoop. The speeder lurches forward with a surge of power.

                OBI-WAN
            Whooooaaa! Don't do that! I
            don't  like it when you do that!

                ANAKIN
            So sorry, Master.

They chase the BOUNTY HUNTER through a power refinery.

                OBI-WAN
            It's dangerous near those power
            couplings! Slow down! Don't go
            through there!

Huge electrical bolts shoot between the buildings as the speeders pass.

                OBI-WAN
                (continuing)
            Yiiii, what are you doing?

                ANAKIN
            Sorry, Master!

                OBI-WAN
                (sarcastically)
            Oh, that was good...

                ANAKIN
            That was crazy!!!

ZAM slides around a corner sideways, blocking an alley, firing point-blank as ANAKIN approaches.

                ANAKIN
                (continuing)
            Ahh, damn.

                OBI-WAN
            Stop!!

                ANAKIN
            No, we can make it.

ANAKIN barely misses the BOUNTY HUNTER'S speeder as he dives under it, and through a small gap in the building hitting several pipes and going wildly out of control. ANAKIN struggles to regain control of the speeder, narrowly missing a crane, barely clipping a pair of giant struts. A giant gasball shoots up, causing ANAKIN to spin and bump a building, stalling the speeder.

                OBI-WAN
            I'm crazy... I'm crazy... I'm
            crazy.

                ANAKIN
            But it worked... we made it.

                OBI-WAN
                (angrily)
            It didn't work... we've stalled!
            And you almost got us killed!

                ANAKIN
            I think we're still alive.

ANAKIN works to get the speeder started. It quickly races to life.

                OBI-WAN
                (very angrily)
            It was stupid!

                ANAKIN
                (sheepishly)
            I could have made it...

                OBI-WAN
                (furious)
            But you didn't!!! And now we've
            lost him.

Suddenly, there is an ambush. Laser bolts fire everywhere. EXPLOSIONS surround them. They look up to see ZAM WESSEL take off.

                ANAKIN
            No we didn’t...

Out of a cloud of smoke and ball of flames the JEDI tear after ZAM. They are smoking. OBI-WAN slaps out the small fire on the dashboard. ZAM goes up and down, through cross-traffic. There is a near miss as a speeder almost hits them. ZAM turns down and left between two buildings. ANAKIN pulls up and to the right

                OBI-WAN
            Where are you going?! He went
            down there, the other way.

                ANAKIN
            This is a shortcut... I think.

                OBI-WAN
            What do you mean, ‘You think?’
            What kind of shortcut?! He went
            completely the other way! You’ve
            lost him!

                ANAKIN
            Master, if we keep this chase
            going, that creep’s gonna end up
            deep fried. Personally, I’d very
            much like to find out who in the
            hell he is and who he’s working
            for...

                OBI-WAN
                (sarcastic)
            Oh, so that’s why we’re going in
            the wrong direction.

ANAKIN turns up a side street, zooming up several small passageways, then stops, hovering about fifty stories up.

                OBI-WAN
                (continuing)
            Well, you lost him.

                ANAKIN
            I’m deeply sorry, Master.

ANAKIN looks around front and back. He spots something. He seems to 
start counting to himself as he watches something below approach.

                ANAKIN
                (continuing)
            Excuse me for a moment.

ANAKIN jumps out of the speeder. OBI-WAN looks down and sees Zam’s speeder about five stories below them cruising past. ANAKIN miraculously lands on top of the Bounty Hunter’s speeder. The speeder wobbles under the impact. ZAM looks up and realises what has happened.

ZAM takes off, and ANAKIN slides to the back strut and almost slips off, but manages to hang on. ANAKIN works his way back to the speeder’s cockpit, just as ZAM stops suddenly, and ANAKIN flies forward to the left front fork. ZAM shoots at him with a laser pistol. There is a BLAST near ANAKIN'S hand, which breaks off a piece of the speeder. ANAKIN slides to the right fork of the speeder, where ZAM can’t reach him. He scrambles to the top, holding onto an air scoop.

OBI-WAN has jumped into the driver’s seat of his speeder and is deftly gaining on the rogue speeder. The two speeders dive through oncoming traffic and then through cross traffic. Finally, ANAKIN is able to get hold of his lightsaber and starts to cut his way through the roof of the speeder. ZAM takes out her laser pistol and starts firing at the helpless JEDI, knocking the sword out of his hand. OBI-WAN races under the speeder and catches the Jedi weapon in the passenger’s seat.

ANAKIN sticks his hand into the cockpit and, using the Force, pulls the gun out of ZAM’S hand. She grabs the Jedi’s hand, and they struggle for the weapon. It goes off, blowing a hole in the floor of the speeder. The speeder careens wildly out of control. ZAM struggles to pull the speeder out of it’s nose dive. OBI-WAN gets slowed down by traffic and loses sight of the Bounty Hunter’s speeder.

Just as the dragster is about to nose dive into the ground, ZAM pulls it out, and it slides hard on the pavement in a shower of sparks. ANAKIN goes flying into the street.

EXT. ENTERTAINMENT STREET - NIGHT
ZAM exits the crashed speeder and runs. ANAKIN picks himself up off the pavement and runs down the very crowded street.

It's the seedy underbelly of the city. Broken sidewalks, garish lights reflected on the filthy puddles. It's pretty crowded with various ALIEN LOW-LIFES, PANHANDLING DROIDS, and the occasional group of UPPERCLASS SLUMMERS.

ANAKIN barges into several of them as he chases after the fleeing ZAM. He loses the Bounty Hunter in the crowd, them sees him again. The young Jedi is having a very difficult time getting through the crowd.

Ahead, ZAM turns in through a door and disappears.

A nightclub sighs is flashing over the door. ANAKIN is just about to follow ZAM when there is a sudden swirl of litter from downthrusters. PEOPLE start moving out of the way, and the open speeder lands in the street beside him. OBI-WAN gets out and walks over, holding out ANAKIN'S lightsaber.

                OBI-WAN
            Anakin!

                ANAKIN
            She went into that club, Master.

                OBI-WAN
            Patience.

OBI-WAN hands ANAKIN the lightsaber.

                OBI-WAN
                 (continuing)
            Here. Next time try not to lose it.

                ANAKIN
            Sorry, Master.

ANAKIN reaches for the lightsaber, but OBI-WAN holds it back.

                OBI-WAN
            A Jedi's saber is his most
            precious possession.

                ANAKIN
            Yes, Master.

He reaches for the lightsaber, OBI-WAN pulls it back.

                OBI-WAN
            He must keep it with him at all
            times.

                ANAKIN
            I know, Master.

                OBI-WAN
            This weapon is your life!

                ANAKIN
            I've heard this lesson before...

OBI-WAN finally holds out the lightsaber and ANAKIN grabs it.

                OBI-WAN
            But, you haven't learned anything,
            Anakin.

                ANAKIN
            I try, Master.

INT. NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT
OBI-WAN and ANAKIN enter the nightclub bar, and everyone stares at them

                OBI-WAN
            Why do I think you are going to be
            the death of me?!

                ANAKIN
            Don't say that Master... You're
            the closest thing I have to a
            father... I love you. I don't want
            to cause you pain.

                OBI-WAN
            Then why don't you listen to me?!

                ANAKIN
            I will. I'll do better, I promise.

                OBI-WAN
            Do you see him him?

                ANAKIN
            I think he's a she...

                OBI-WAN
            Then be extra careful...
                (nods to a room)
            Check it out.

OBI-WAN goes away.

                ANAKIN
            Where are you going, Master?

                OBI-WAN
            To get a drink.

OBI-WAN heads for the bar. ANAKIN blinks in surprise, then moves into the room, where ALIEN FACES look back at him with hostility, suspicion, and invitation as he moves among the tables. OBI-WAN arrives at the bar. He signals the BARMAN.

CLOSE - Somewhere in the room a HAND moves to a pistol in its holster and unsnaps the safety catch. At the bar, a glass is placed in from of OBI-WAN. A drink is poured. He lifts the glass.

                ELAN SLEAZEBAGGANO
            Wanna buy some death sticks?

OBI-WAN looks at him. He moves his fingers slightly.

                OBI-WAN
            You don't want to sell me death-
            sticks.

                ELAN
            I don't want to sell you death-
            sticks.

OBI-WAN moves his fingers.

                OBI-WAN
            You want to go home and rethink 
            your life.

                ELAN
            I want to go home and rethink my
            life.

He leaves. OBI-WAN lifts the drink and tosses it back.

CLOSE. The gun is drawn from its holster and held down out of sight. The BOUNTY HUNTER starts to move toward the bar.

ANAKIN checks out ALIEN FACES. OBI-WAN signals for another drink. The gun moves toward his unsuspecting back.

The drink is poured. OBI-WAN reaches for it. The gun is raised to aim directly at his back, and suddenly OBI-WAN turns fast. His lightsaber flashes. There is a shrill SCREAM and ZAM'S ARM hits the floor. The gun drops from its twitching fingers. Blood spreads.

The room is silent. ALIENS rise menacingly from their seats, and ANAKIN is suddenly at OBI-WAN's side, his lightsaber glowing.

                ANAKIN
            Easy... Official business. Go
            back to your drinks.

Slowly, the ALIENS sit. Conversation resumes. Onstage, THE PERFORMERS pick up their routine. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN lift ZAM and carry her out.

EXT. ALLEY OUTSIDE NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT
OBI-WAN and ANAKIN carry ZAM into the alley and lower her to the ground. OBI-WAN attends to her wounded shoulder. She stares up hatefully at ANAKIN. She winces in pain, then nods.

                OBI-WAN
            Do you know who it was you were
            trying to kill?

                ZAM WESSEL
            The Senator from Naboo.

                OBI-WAN
            Who hired you?

ZAM glares at OBI-WAN.

                ZAM WESSEL
            It was just a job.

                ANAKIN
            Tell us!

                ZAM WESSEL
            That Senator's gonna die soon
            anyway, and the next one won't
            make the same mistake I did...

                OBI-WAN
            This wound's going to need
            treatment.

                ANAKIN
            Who hired you? Tell us... tell us
            now!

ZAM glares hatefully.

                ZAM
            It was a Bounty Hunter called...

There is a sudden FTZZZ sound. ZAM twitches. She blinks in surprise and dies.

There is a WEOOSH from above. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN look up yo see an ARMOURED ROCKET-MAN taking off from a roof high above. OBI-WAN looks down at ZAM. He touches her neck and pulls out a small, wicked-looking dart.

                OBI-WAN
            Toxic Dart...

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT - DAY
ANAKIN and JAR JAR stand near the door of the anteroom to PADME'S 
bedroom. PADME and DORME move about packing luggage.

                PADMÉ
            Representative Binks. I know I can
            count on you.

                JAR JAR
            Yousa betchen mesa bottums.

                PADMÉ
            What?!

                JAR JAR
                (coughs, recovers)
            Oh, pardone-ay, Senator. I mean,
            I am honoured to accept this heavy
            burden. I take on this
            responsibility with deep humility
            tinged with an overwhelming pride.
                (pompously)
            It is not every day that I am
            called upon to...

PADME kisses him on the cheek and gives him a hug. JAR JAR turns red.

                PADMÉ
            You're a good friend, Jar Jar. I
            don't wish to hold you up. I'm
            sure you have a great deal to do.

                JAR JAR
            Of course, M'lady.

JAR JAR bows and goes out. As he passes ANAKIN, he flashes a dazzling smile... PADME is in a very bad mood.

                PADMÉ
            I do not like this idea of hiding.

                ANAKIN
            Don't worry. Now that the Council
            has ordered an investigation, it
            won't take Master Obi-Wan long to
            find that bounty hunter.

                PADMÉ
                (frustrated)
            I haven't worked for a year to
            defeat the "Military Creation Act"
            not to be here when its fate is
            decided.

                ANAKIN
            Sometimes we have to let go of our
            pride and do what is requested of
            us.

                PADMÉ
            Pride?!? Annie, you're young, and
            you don't have a very firm grip on
            politics. I suggest you reserve
            your opinions for some other time.

                ANAKIN
            Sorry, M'lady. I was only trying
            to...

                PADMÉ
            Annie! No!

                ANAKIN
            Please don't call me that.

                PADMÉ
            What?

                ANAKIN
            Annie...

                PADMÉ
            I've always called you that... it
            is your name, isn't it?

                ANAKIN
            It's Anakin. When you say Annie
            it's like I'm still a little
            boy... and I'm not.

                PADMÉ
            I'm sorry, Anakin. It's impossible
            to deny you've...
                (looks him over)
            ...that you've grown up.

PADME smiles at ANAKIN. He becomes a little shy.

                ANAKIN
            Master Obi-Wan manages not to see
            it...

                PADMÉ
            Mentors have a way of seeing more
            of our faults than we would like.
            It's the only way we grow.

                ANAKIN
            Don't get me wrong... Obi-Wan is
            a great mentor. As wise as Master
            Yoda and as powerful as Master
            Windu. I am truly thankful to be
            his apprentice. Only... although
            I'm a Padawan learner, in some
            ways... a lot of ways... I'm ahead
            of him. I'm ready for the trials.
            I know I am! He knows it too. He
            believes I'm too unpredictable...
            Other Jedi my age have gone
            through the trials and made it...
            I know I started my training
            late... but he won't let me move
            on.

                PADMÉ
            That must be frustrating.

                ANAKIN
            It's worse... he's overly
            critical. He never listens! He
            just doesn't understand! It's not
            fair!

PADME cannot surpress a laugh. She shakes her head.

                PADMÉ
            I'm sorry... You sounded exactly
            like that little boy I once knew,
            when he didn't get his way.

                ANAKIN
            I'm not whining! I'm not.

PADME just smiles at him. DORME laughs in the background.

                PADMÉ
            I didn't say it to hurt you.

                ANAKIN
            I know...

There is a brief silence. PADME comes over to ANAKIN.

                PADME
            Anakin...

They look into each other's eyes for the first time.

                PADMÉ
                (continuing)
            Don't try to grow up too fast.

                ANAKIN
            I am grown up. You said it
            yourself.

ANAKIN looks deep into PADME'S eyes.

                PADMÉ
            Please don't look at me like that.

                ANAKIN
            Why not?

                PADMÉ
            Because I can see what you're
            thinking.

                ANAKIN
                (laughing)
            Ahh... so, you have Jedi powers
            too?

DORME is watching with concern.

                PADMÉ
            It makes me feel uncomfortable.

                ANAKIN
            Sorry, M'lady.

ANAKIN backs away as PADME turns and goes back to her packing.

EXT. CORUSCANT, SPACEPORT FREIGHTER DOCKS, TRANSPORT BUS - DAY 
A small bus speeds toward the massive freighter docks of Coruscant's Industrial area. The spaceport is bustling with activity. Transports of various sizes moves supplies and passengers as giant floating cranes lift cargo out of starships. The bus stops before a huge intergalactic freighter starship. It parks in the shadows of an overhang.

INT. CORUSCANT, SPACEPORT FREIGHTER DOCKS, TRANSPORT BUS - DAY
ANAKIN and PADME, dressed in Outland peasant outfits, get up and head for the door where CAPTAIN TYPHO, DORME and OBI-WAN are waiting to hand them their luggage. DORME is dressed to look like Senator Amidala.

                CAPTAIN TYPHO
            Be safe, m'lady.

                PADMÉ
            Thank you, Captain. Take good
            care of Dorme... the threat's on
            you two now.

                DORME
            He'll be safe with me.

They laugh, and PADME embraces her faithful handmaiden. DORME start to weep.

                PADMÉ
            You'll be fine.

                DORME
            It's not me, M'Lady. I worry
            about you. What if they realise
            I'm not you?

                PADMÉ
                (looks to Anakin)
            Then my Jedi protector will have
            to prove how grown up he is.

DORME and PADME smile. ANAKIN frowns as OBI-WAN pulls him aside.

                OBI-WAN
            Anakin, you stay put on Naboo.
            Do not attract any attention. Do
            absolutely nothing without
            checking in with me or the Council.

                ANAKIN
            Yes, Master.

                OBI-WAN
                (to Padme)
            I will get to the bottom of this
            plot quickly, M'Lady. You'll be
            back here in no time.

                PADMÉ
            I will be most grateful for your
            speed, Master Jedi.

                ANAKIN
            Time to go.

                PADMÉ
            I know. 

PADME gives DORME a last hug. ANAKIN picks up the luggage, and the TWO PEASANTS exit the speeder bus, where ARTOO is waiting for them.

                OBI-WAN
            May the Force be with you.

                ANAKIN
            May the Force be with you, Master.

They head off toward the giant Starfreighter.

                PADMÉ
            Suddenly, I'm afraid...

                ANAKIN
            I'm kinda scared too. This is my
            first assignment on my own.

                PADMÉ
            There's nothing to worry about...
            we have Artoo with us.

The two laugh.

OBI-WAN and CAPTAIN TYPHO watch ANAKIN and PADME disappear into the 
vastness of the spaceport with ARTOO trundling along behind them.

                OBI-WAN
            I hope he doesn't try anything
            foolish.

                CAPTAIN TYPHO
            I'd be more concerned about her
            doing something, than him.

EXT. FREIGHTER DOCKS - CORUSCANT - DAY
The freighter slowly takes off from the huge docks area of Coruscant. It soon moves into the crowded skies.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, MAIN HALLWAY - LATE DAY
From high above, light streams down from the lofty ceilings. OBI-WAN crosses the floor of the great hallway, heaading for the Analysis Rooms.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, ANALYSIS CUBICLES - LATE DAY
OBI-WAN walks past several glass cubicles where work is going on. He comes to an empty one and sits down in front of a console. A PK-4 ANALYSIS DROID comes to life. A tray slides out of the console.

                PK-4
            Place the subject for analysis on
            the sensot tray, please.

OBI-WAN puts the dart onto the traym which retracts into the console. The DROID activates the system, and a screen lights up in from of OBI-WAN.

                OBI-WAN
            It's a toxic dart. I need to know
            where it came from and who made it.

                PK-4
            One moment, please.

Diagrams and .... appear on the screem, scrolling past at great speed. OBI-WAN watches as the screen goes blank. They tray slides out.

                PK-4
                (continuing)
            As you can see on your screen,
            subject weapon does not exist in
            any known culture. Markings
            cannot be identified. Probablt
            self-made by a warrior not
            associated with any known society.

                OBI-WAN
            Excuse me? Could you try again
            please?

                PK-4
            Master Jedi, our records are very
            thorough. they cover eight
            percent of the galaxy. If I can't
            tell you where it came from,
            nobody can.

OBI-WAN picks up the dart and looks at it, then looks to the DROID.

                OBI-WAN
            Thanks for your assistance! You
            may not be able to figure this
            out, but I think I know someone
            who might.

EXT. SPACE, STARSHIP FREIGHTER
The massive, slow-moving Freighter suddenly zooms away into lightspeed.

INT. STARFREIGHTER, STORAGE HOLD - DAY
The great, gloomy hold is crowded with EMIGRANTS and their belongings. To one side ARTOO is coming to the head of a food line, where SERVERS are ladling out bowls of mush. ARTOO holds two bowls.

                SERVER
            Keep moving! Keep moving!

ARTOO slips tube into a tub of mush and sucks up a large quantity. With one of his little claw-arms, he grabs several chunks of something that looks like brown bread. A SERVER sees him.

                FOOD SERVER
                (continuing)
            Hey! No Droids!

ARTOO takes one last big suck and heads away from the food line. The SERVER shouts after him angrily. The little droid moves past groups of eating or sleeping EMIGRANTS and comes to where ANAKIN is sound asleep. The young Jedi seems to be having a nightmare. He is very restless.

                ANAKIN
            No, no, Mom, no...

He is sweating. PADME leans over to wipe some of the sweat from his forehead. He wakes up with a start, then realises where he is. PADME simply looks at him. He stares back, somewhat confused. ARTOO fills up two bowls with mush.

                ANAKIN
                (continuing)
            What?

                PADMÉ
            You seemed to be having a
            nightmare.

ANAKIN looks at PADME a little more closely, trying to see if he has revealed any of his secrets. She hands him a bowl of mush and bread.

                PADMÉ
                (continuing)
            Are you hungry?

                ANAKIN
            Thank you.

                PADMÉ
            We went into lightspeed a while
            ago.

ANAKIN looks into PADME'S eyes.

                ANAKIN
            I look forward to seeing Naboo
            again. I've thought about it every
            day since I left. It's by far the
            most beautiful place I've ever
            seen...

PADME is a little unnerved by his intense stare. 

                PADMÉ
            You were just a little boy then.
            It may not be as you remember it;
            time changes your perception.

                ANAKIN
            I think time has given me much
            more mature feelings to enhance my
            perception.

                PADMÉ
            It must be difficult having sworn
            your life to the Jedi... not being
            able to visit the places you
            like... or do the things you
            like...

                ANAKIN
            Or be with the people I love.

                PADMÉ
            Are you allowed to love? I
            thought that was forbidden for a
            Jedi.

                ANAKIN
            Attachment is forbidden.
            Possession is forbidden.
            Compassion, which I would define
            as unconditional love, is central
            to a Jedi's life, so you might say
            we're encouraged to love.

                PADMÉ
            You have changed so much

                ANAKIN
            You haven't changed a bit. You're
            exactly the way I remember you in
            my dreams. I doubt if Naboo has
            changed much either.

                PADMÉ
            It hasn't...

                ANAKIN
            I can't wait to breathe the sweet
            breeze that comes off the rolling
            hills. Whenever I try to
            visualise the Force, those hills
            are what I see.

ANAKIN looks at PADME when he says this.

                ANAKIN
                (continuing)
            I love Naboo.

There is an awkward moment.

                PADMÉ
                (changing the subject)
            Were you dreaming about you
            mother earlier, weren't you?

                ANAKIN
            Yes... I left Tatooine so long
            ago, my memory of her is fading.
            I don't want to lose it. Recently
            I've been seeing her in my
            dreams... vivid dreams... scary
            dreams. I worry about her.

PADME gives ANAKIN a sympathetic look.

EXT. CORUSCANT, DOWNTOWN, BACK STREET - MORNING
OBI-WAN walks down the street. It is a pretty tough part of town. Old buildings, warehouses, beat up speeders and transporter rigs occasional "shiny freighters" hissing through.

OBI-WAN comes to a kind of alien diner. On the steamed-up windowa it says "DEX'S DINER" in alien lettering. He goes inside.

INT. CORUSCANT, DEX'S DINER - MORNING
A young waitress, HERMIONE BAGWA, is wiping off a booth tabletop. There is a counter with stools and a line of booths along the wall by the window. A number of CUSTOMERS are eating - TOUGH-LOOKING WORKERS, FREIGHTER DRIVERS etc. HERMIONE looks up as OBI-WAN comes in.

                HERMIONE
            Can I help ya?

                OBI-WAN
            I'm looking for Dexter.

HERMIONE'S eyes narrow.

                HERMIONE BAGWA
            Waddya want him for?

                OBI-WAN
            He's not in trouble. It's
            personal.

HERMIONE stares at OBI-WAN. There is a brief pause. Then she goes to the open serving hatch behind the counter.

                HERMIONE BAGWA
            Someone to see ya, honey
                (lowering her voice)
            A Jedi, by the looks of him.

Steam billows out from the kitchen hatch behind the counter as a huge head pokes through.

                DEXTER JETTSTER
            Obi-Wan!

                OBI-WAN
            Hey, Dex.

                DEXTER JETTSTER
            Take a seat! Be right with ya!

OBI-WAN sits in a booth.

                HERMIONE BAGWA
            You want a cup of ardees?

                OBI-WAN
            Thank you.

HERMIONE moves off as the door to the counter opens and DEXTER JETTSTER appears. He is big - bald and sweaty, old and alien. Not someone to tangle with. He arrives, beaming hugely.

                DEXTER JETTSTER
            Hey, ol' buddy!

                OBI-WAN
            Hey, Dex.

DEXTER eases himself into the seat opposite OBI-WAN. He can just make it. HERMIONE sets two mugs of steaming ardees in from of them.

                DEXTER JETTSTER
            So, my friend. What can I do for
            ya?

                OBI-WAN
            You can tell me what this is.

OBI-WAN places the dart on the table between them. DEX'S eyes widen. He puts down his mug.

                DEXTER JETTSTER
            Well, whattaya know...

DEXTER picks up the dart delicately between his puffy fingers and peers at it.

                DEXTER JETTSTER
                (continuing)
            I ain't seen one of these since I
            was prospecting on Subterrel
            beyond the Outer Rim!

                OBI-WAN
            Do you know where it came from?

DEXTER grins. He puts the dart down between them.

                DEXTER JETTSTER
            This baby belongs to them cloners.
            What you got here is a Kamino
            Kyberdart.

                OBI-WAN
            Kamino Kyberdart... I wonder why
            it didn't show up in any analysis
            archive.

                DEXTER JETTSTER
            It's these funny little cuts on
            the side give it away...
            Those analysis droids you've got
            over there only focus on symbols,
            you know. I should think you Jedi
            would have more respect for the
            difference between knowledge and
            wisdom.

                OBI-WAN
            Well, Dex, if droids could think, we
            wouldn't be here, would we?
                (laughing)
            Kamino... doesn't sound familiar.
            Is it part of the Republic?

                DEXTER JETTSTER
            No, it's beyond the Outer Rim.
            I'd say about twelve parsecs
            outside the Rishi Maze, toward the
            south. It should be easy to find,
            even for those droids in your
            archive to find. Those Kaminoans
            keep to themselves. They're
            cloners. Damned good ones, too.

OBI-WAN then picks up the dart, holding it midway between them.

                OBI-WAN
            Cloners? Are they friendly?

                DEXTER JETTSTER
            It depends.

                OBI-WAN
            On what, Dex?

Dexter grins. 

                DEXTER JETTSTER
            On how good your manners are...
            and how big your pocketbook is...

EXT. NABOO SPACEPORT - DAY
The Starfreighter lands in the giant port city of Theed.

PADME, ANAKIN and ARTOO are among the EMIGRANTS streaming from the Starfreighter and into the vast docking area. They exit onto the main plaza.

EXT. NABOO PALACE, GRAND COURTYARD (NABOO) - AFTERNOON
The speeder bus pulls up and stops. PADME, ANAKIN, and ARTOO get out. The great courtyard stretches out before them, and they see the rose-colored dome of the palace on the far side. ARTOO WHISTLES. They pick up their gear and start to cross the courtyard. ARTOO trundles behind them.

                ANAKIN
            If I grew up here, I don't think
            I'd ever leave.

                PADMÉ
                (laughing)
            I doubt that.

                ANAKIN
            No, really. When I started my
            training, I was very homesick and
            very lonely. This city and my Mom
            were the only pleasant things I
            had to think about... The problem
            was, the more I thought about my
            Mom, the worse I felt. But I
            would feel better if I thought
            about the palace - the way it
            shimmers in the sunlight - the way
            the air always smells of flowers...

                PADMÉ
            ...and the soft sound of the
            distant waterfalls. The first
            time I saw the Capital, I was very
            young... I'd never seen a
            waterfall before. I though they
            were so beautiful... I never
            dreamed one day I'd live in the
            palace.

                ANAKIN
            Well, tell me, did you dream of
            power and politics when you were
            a little girl?

                PADMÉ
                (laughing)
            No! That was the last thing I
            thought of. My dream was to help
            in the "Refugee Relief Movement."
            I never thought of running for
            elected office. But the more
            history I studied, the more I
            realised how much good politicians
            could do. So when I was eight, I
            joined the "Apprentice
            Legislators", then later on became
            a Senatorial advisor, with such a
            passion that, before I knew it, I
            was elected Queen. Partly because
            I scored so high on my education
            certificate, but for the most part
            it was my conviction that reform
            was possible. I wasn't the
            youngest Queen ever elected, but
            now that I think back on it, I'm
            not sure I was old enough. I'm not
            sure I was ready.

                ANAKIN
            The people you served thought you
            did a good job. I heard they
            tried to amend the Constitution so
            you could stay in office.

                PADMÉ
            Popular rule is not democracy,
            Annie. It gives the people what
            they want, not what they need.
            And, truthfully, I was relieved
            when my two terms were up. So
            were my parents. They worried
            About me during the blockade and
            couldn't wait for it all to be
            over. Actually, I was hoping to
            have a family by now... My
            sisters have the most amazing,
            wonderful kids... but when the
            Queen asked me to serve as
            Senator, I couldn't refuse her.

                ANAKIN
            I agree! I think the Republic
            needs you... I'm glad you chose
            to serve. I feel things are going
            to happen in our generation that
            will change the galaxy in profound
            ways.

                PADMÉ
            I think so too.

ANAKIN and PADME walk toward the palace. ARTOO continues to follow.

INT. NABOO PALACE, THRONE ROOM - AFTERNOON
QUEN JAMILLIA is seated on the throne, flanked by SIO BIBBLE and a COUPLE OF ADVISORS. FOUR HANDMAIDENS stand close by, and GUARDS are at the doors.

                QUEEN JAMILLIA
            We've been worried about you.
                (takes her hand)
            I'm so glad you're safe, Padmé.

                PADMÉ
            Thank you, Your Highness. I only
            Wish I could have served you
            better by staying on Coruscant for
            the vote.

                SIO BIBBLE
            Given the circumstances, Senator,
            you know it was the only decision
            Her Highness could have made.

                QUEEN JAMILLIA
            How many systems have joined Count
            Dooku and the separatists?

                PADMÉ
            About two hundred. And more are
            leaving the Republic every day.
            If the Senate votes to create an
            army, I'm sure it's going to push
            us into a civil war.

                SIO BIBBLE
            It's unthinkable! There hasn't
            been a full-scale war since the
            formation of the Republic!

                QUEEN JAMILLIA
            Do you see any way, through
            negotiations, to bring the
            separatists back into the Republic?

                PADMÉ
            Not if they feel threatened. The
            separatists don't have an army,
            but if they are provoked, they
            will move to defend themselves.
            I'm sure of that. And with no time
            or money to build an army, my
            guess is they will turn to the
            Commerce Guilds or the Trade
            Federation for help.

                QUEEN JAMILLIA
            The armies of commerce! Why has
            Nothing been done in the Senate
            to restrain them?

                PADMÉ
            I'm afraid that, despite the
            Chancellor's best efforts, there
            are still many bureaucrats,
            judges, and even Senators on the
            payrolls of the Guilds.

                SIO BIBBLE
            It's outrageous! After all of
            those hearings, and the four trials in
            the Supreme Court, Nute Gunray is
            still the Viceroy of the Trade
            Federation. Do those money
            mongers control everything?

                QUEEN JAMILLIA
            Remember, Counsellor, the courts
            were able to reduce the
            Federation's armies. That's a
            move in the right
            direction.

                PADMÉ
            There are rumours, Your Highness,
            that the Federation Army was not
            reduced as they were ordered.

                ANAKIN
            The Jedi have not been allowed to
            investigate. It would be to be too
            dangerous for the economy, we were
            told.

                QUEEN JAMILLIA
            We must keep our faith in the
            Republic. The day we stop
            believing democracy can work is
            the day we lose it.

                PADMÉ
            Let's pray that day never comes.

                QUEEN JAMILLIA
            In the meantime, we must consider
            your own safety.

SIO BIBBLE signals. All the other ADVISORS and ATTENDANTS bow and leave the room.

                SIO BIBBLE
                (to Anakin)
            What is your suggestion, Master
            Jedi?

                PADMÉ
            Anakin's not a Jedi yet, Counsellor.
            He's still a Padawan learner. I
            was thinking...

                ANAKIN
                (nettled)
            Hey, hold on a minute!

                PADMÉ
            Excuse me! I was thinking I would
            stay in the Lake Country. There
            are some places up there that are
            very isolated.

                ANAKIN
            Excuse me?! I am in charge of
            security here, M'Lady.

SIO BIBBLE and QUEEN JAMILLIA exchange a look. Something is going on here.

                PADMÉ
            Annie, my life is at risk, and
            this is my home. I know it very
            well... that is why we're here.
            I think it would be wise for you
            to take advantage of my knowledge
            in this instance.

                ANAKIN
                (takes a deep breath)
            Sorry, M'Lady.

                SIO BIBBLE
                (to Anakin, amused)
            She is right. The Lake Country is
            the most remote part of Naboo.
            Not many people and a clear view
            of the surrounding terrain.

                QUEEN JAMILLIA
            Perfect. It's settled then.

ANAKIN glares at PADME. Then QUEEN JAMILLIA gets up, and they all start to leave.

                QUEEN JAMILLIA
                (continued)
            Padmé, I had an audience with your
            father yesterday. I told him what
            was happening. He hopes you will
            visit your mother before you
            leave... your family's very
            worried about you.

PADME looks worred. They ALL exit down the main staircase.

EXT. JEDI TEMPLE - DAY
The main entrance at the base of the huge temple is bustling with activity. All sorts of JEDI are coming and going.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, ARCHIVES LIBRARY - DAY
A bronze bust of Count Dooku, stands among a line of other busts of Jedi in the Archive Room. OBI-WAN stands in front it, studying the striking features of the chiselled face.

On the walls, lighted computer panels seem to stretch into infinity. Farther along the room in the background, FIVE JEDI are seated at tables, studying archival material.

After OBI-WAN studies the bust for a few moments before MADAME JOCASTA NU, the Jedi Archivist is standing next to him. She is an elderly, frail-looking human Jedi. Tough as old boots and smart as a whip.

                JOCASTA NU
            Did you call for assistance?

                OBI-WAN
                (distracted in thought)
            Yes... yes, I did...

                JOCASTA NU
            He has a powerful face, doesn't
            he? He was one of the most
            brilliant Jedi I have had the
            privilege of knowing.

                OBI-WAN
            I never understood why he quit.
            Only twenty Jedi have ever left
            the Order.

                JOCASTA NU
                (sighs)
            The Lost Twenty... and Count Dooku
            was the most recent and the most
            painful. No one likes to talk
            about it. His leaving was a great
            loss to the Order.

                OBI-WAN
            What happened?

                JOCASTA NU
            Well, one might say, he was always
            a bit out of step with the
            decisions of the Council... much
            like your old Master, Qui-Gon Jinn.

                OBI-WAN
                (surprised)
            Really?

                JOCASTA NU
            Oh, yes. They were alike in many
            ways. Very individual thinkers...
            idealists...

JOCASTA NU stares at the bust

                JOCASTA NU
                (continuing
            He was always striving to become
            a more powerful Jedi. He wanted
            to be the best. With a lightsaber,
            in the old style of fencing, he
            had no match. His knowledge of
            the Force was... unique. In the
            end, I think he left because he
            lost faith in the Republic. He
            believed that politics were
            corrupt, and he felt the Jedi
            betrayed themselves by serving the
            politicians. He always had very
            high expectations of government.
            He disappeared for nine or ten
            years, then he just showed up
            recently as the head of the
            separatist movement.

                OBI-WAN
            Interesting... I'm still not sure
            I understand.

                JOCASTA NU
            Well, I'm sure you didn't call me
            over here for a history lesson.
            Are you having a problem, Master
            Kenobi?

                OBI-WAN
            Yes, I'm trying to find a planet
            system called Kamino. It doesn't
            seem to show upon any of the
            archive charts.

                JOCASTA NU
            Kamino? It's not a system I'M
            familiar with... Let me see...

JOCASTA NU leans over OBI-WAN'S shoulder, looking at the screen.

                JOCASTA NU
                (continuing)
            Are you sure you have the right
            co-ordinates?

                OBI-WAN
                (nodding)
            According to my information, it
            should be in this quadrant
            somewhere... just south of the
            Rishi Maze.

JOCASTA NU taps the keyboard and frowns.

                JOCASTA NU
            No co-ordinates? It sounds like the
            kind of directions you'd get from
            a street tout... some old miner or
            Furbog trader.

                OBI-WAN
            All three actually.

                JOCASTA NU
            Are you sure it exists?

                OBI-WAN
            Absolutely.

                JOCASTA NU
            Let me do a gravitational scan.

OBI-WAN and JOCASTA NU studt the star map hologram.

                JOCASTA NU
            There are some inconsistencies
            here. Maybe the planet you're
            looking for was destroyed.

                OBI-WAN
            Wouldn't that be on record?

                JOCASTA NU
            It ought to be. Unless it was very
            recent.
                (shakes her head)
            I hate to say it, but it looks
            like the system you're searching
            for doesn't exist.

                OBI-WAN
            That's impossible... perhaps the
            archives are incomplete.

                JOCASTA NU
            The archives are comprehensive and
            totally secure, my young Jedi.
            One thing you may be absolutely
            sure of - if an item does not
            appear in our records, it does not
            exist!

OBI-WAN stares at her, then looks back at the map.

EXT. THEED, RESIDENTIAL AREA, SIDE STREET - AFTERNOON
PEOPLE are passing through the little street, OLD MEN are sunning themslves, WOMEN are gossipping, KIDS are playing. ANAKIN, PADME and ARTOO turn onto a side street. ANAKIN is back in his Jedi robes. PADME wear a beautiful simple dress. She stops, beaming.

                PADME
            There's my house!

PADME starts forward; ANAKIN hangs back.

                PADME
                (continuing)
            What? Don't say you're shy!

                ANAKIN
                (untruthfully)
            No, but I...

Suddenly, there are shouts from two little girils, RYOO (age 6) and POOJA (age 4). They come running toward PADME.

                RYOO & POOJA
            Aunt Padme!! Aunt Padme!!

                PADME
            Ryoo!! Pooja!!

PADME scoops up RYOO and POOJA and hugs them.

                PADME
                (continuing)
            I'm so happy to see you! This is
            Anakin. Anakin, this is Ryoo, and
            this is Pooja.

ANAKIN and the GIRLS say hello shyly. Then:

                RYOO & POOJA
            Artoo!!!

As they see the droid, they hug him. ARTOO WHISTLES and BEEPS. PADME laughs. ANAKIN and PADME go on toward the house. The GIRLS stay and play with ARTOO.

INT. PADME'S PARENTS' HOUSE, MAIN ROOM - AFTERNOON
SOLA, PADME'S beautiful older sister, comes in from the kitchen carrying a big bowl of food.

                SOLA
                (over her shoulder)
            They're eating over at Jev
            Narran's later, Mom. They just
            had a snack. They'll be fine.

SOLA puts the bowl down on the table, where ANAKIN, PADME and RUWEE NABERRIE (Padme's father) are coming into the room.

                PADME
            Anakin, this is my sister, Sola.

                SOLA
            Hello, Anakin.

                ANAKIN
            Hello.

SOLA sits, as JOBAL NABERRIE (Padme's mother) comes in with a heaped bowl of steaming food.

                JOBAL
            You're just in time for dinner. I
            hope you're hungry, Anakin.

                ANAKIN
            A little.

                PADME
            He's being polite, Mom. We're
            starving.

                RUWEE
                (grinning)
            You came to the right place at the
            right time. Sit down, son.

EVERYONE sits and starts passing food.

                JOBAL
                (to Padme)
            Honey, it's so good to see you
            safe. We were so worried.

PADME gives JOBAL a dirty look. RUWEE smiles as he watches.

                RUWEE
            Dear...

                JOBAL
            I know, I know... but I had to say
            it. Now it's done.

                SOLA
            Well, this is exciting! Do you
            know, Anakin, you're the first
            boyfriend my sister's ever brought
            home?

                PADME
                (rolls her eyes)
            Sola!! He isn't my boyfriend!
            He's a Jedi assigned by the Senate
            to protect me.

                JOVAL
            A bodyguard?! Oh, Padme! They
            didn't tell us it was that serious!

                PADME
            It's not, Mom, I promise.
                (glances at Jobal)
            Anyway, Anakin's a friend. I've
            known him for years. Remember
            that little boy who was with the
            Jedi during the blockade crisis?

They nod.

                PADME
                (continuing)
            He grew up.

                JOBAL
            Honey, when are you going to
            settle down? Haven't you had
            enough of that life? I certainly
            have!

                PADME
            Mom, I'm not in any danger.

                RUWEE
                (to Anakin)
            Is she?

                ANAKIN
            ...Yes... I'm afraid she is.

                PADME
                (quickly)
            But not much.

EXT. PADME'S PARENTS' GARDEN - AFTERNOON
ANAKIN and RUWEE are walking.

                RUWEE
            Sometimes I wish I'd traveled
            more... but I must say, I'm happy
            here.

                ANAKIN
            Padme tells me you teach at the
            university?

                RUWEE
                (nodding)
            Yes, and before that, I was a
            builder. I also worked for the
            Refugee Relief Movement, when I
            was very young.

INT. PADME'S PARENTS' HOUSE, MAIN ROOM - AFTERNOON
PADME, SOLA and JOBAL are clearing the table.

                SOLA
            Why haven't you told us about him?

                PADMÉ
            What's there to talk about?  He's
            just a boy.

                SOLA
            A boy? Have you seen the way he
            looks at you?

                PADMÉ
            Sola - stop it!

                SOLA
            It's obvious he has feelings for
            you. Are you saying, little baby
            sister, that you haven't noticed?

                PADMÉ
            I'm not your baby sister, Sola.
            Anakin and I are friends... our
            relationship is strictly
            professional.
                (to Jobal)
            Mom, would you tell her to stop it?

                SOLA
                (laughing)
            Well, maybe you haven't noticed
            the way he looks at you. I think
            you're afraid to.

                PADMÉ
            Cut it out.

                JOBAL
            Sola's just concerned... we all
            are.

                PADMÉ
            Oh, Mom, you're impossible. What
            I'm doing is important.

                JOBAL
            You've done your service, Padmé.
            It's time you had a life of your
            own. You're missing so much!

EXT. PADME'S PARENTS' GARDEN - AFTERNOON
ANAKIN and RUWEE are walking in the garden. RUWEE stops and faces ANAKIN directly.

                RUWEE
            Now tell me, son. How serious is
            this thing? How much danger is my
            daughter really in?

                ANAKIN
            There have been two attempts on
            her life. Chances are there'll be
            more. My Master is tracking down
            the assassins. I'm sure he'll find
            out who they are. This situation,
            won't last long.

                RUWEE
            I don't want anything to happen to
            her.

                ANAKIN
            I don't either.

INT. PADME'S PARENTS' HOUSE, PADME'S ROOM - AFTERNOON
PADME throws some things into a bag.

                PADME
            Don't worry, this won't take long.

                ANAKIN
            I just want to get there before
            dark.

PADME goes on packing. ANAKIN looks around the room.

                ANAKIN
                (continuing)
            You still live at home.

                PADME
            I move around so much, I've never
            had a place of my own. Official
            residences have no warmth. I feel
            good here. I feel at home.

                ANAKIN
            I never had a real home. Home was
            always where my Mom was.

ANAKIN picks up a framed hologram.

                ANAKIN
                (continuing)
            Is this you?

The hologram shows Padme at age seven or eight surrounded by forty or fifty little green creatures. She is holding one in her arms. They are all smiling hugely.

                PADME
            That was when I went with the
            Relief Group to Shadda-Bi-Boran.
            Their sun was imploding, and the
            planet was dying. I was helping
            to relocate the children. See
            that little one I'm holding? His
            name was N'a-kee-tula, which means
            sweethear. He was so full of 
            life,. All those kids were. I did
            everything I could to save him,
            but he died... they all did. They
            were never able to adapt... to
            live off their native planet.

ANAKIN picks up another hologram. It shows PADME at age ten or eleven. She is wearing official robes and standing between two robed legislators. Her expression is severe.

                PADME
                (continuing)
            My first day as an Apprentice
            Legislator. Notice the difference?

PADME pulls a face. ANAKIN grins. She continues packing. ANAKIN sets the two holograms down side by side - the beaming little girl, and the the stern, unsmiling adolescent.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, MAIN HALLWAY - DAY
OBI-WAN walks through the main hallway to the training area.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, TRAINING VERANDA - DAY
OBI-WAN comes out onto the veranda and stops, watching TWENTY or so FOUR-YEAR-OLDS doing training exercises, supervised by YODA. They wear helmets over their eyes and try to strike little TRAINING DROIDS with their miniature lightsabers. The DROIDS dance in front of them.

                YODA
            Don't think... feel... be as one
            with the Force. Help you, it will.
                (he sees Obi-Wan)
            Younglings - enough! A visitor we
            have. Welcome him.

The CHILDREN take off their helmets and turn off their lightsabers.

                YODA
                (continuing)
            Master Obi-Wan Kenobi, meet the
            mighty Bear Clan.

                CHILDREN
            Welcome, Master Obi-Wan!

                OBI-WAN
            I am sorry to disturb you, Master.

                YODA
            What help to you, can I be?

                OBI-WAN
            I’m looking for a planet described
            to me by an old friend. I trust
            him. But the system doesn’t show
            up on the archive maps.

                YODA
            An interesting puzzle. Gather
            round the map reader, younglings.
            Master Obi-Wan has lost a planet.
            Find it, we will try...

The map reader is a small shaft with a hollow opening at the top. The CCHILDREN gather around it. OBI-WAN takes out a little glass ball and places it into the bowl. The window shades close darkening the room and the reader lights up, projecting the star map hologram into the room. The CHILDREN laugh. Some of them reach up to try and touch the nebulae and stars. OBI-WAN walks into the display.

                OBI-WAN
            This is where it ought to be...
            but it isn’t. Gravity is pulling
            all the stars in this area inward
            to this spot. There should be a
            star here... but there isn’t.

                YODA
            Most interesting. Gravity’s
            silhouette remains, but the star
            and all its planets have
            disappeared. How can this be?

There is a brief pause. Then a CHILD puts its hand up. YODA nods.

                JEDI CHILD JACK
            Because someone erased it from the
            archive memory.

                CHILDREN
            That’s right! Yes! That’s what
            happened! Someone erased it!

                JEDI CHILD MAY
            If the planet blew up, the gravity
            would go away.

OBI-WAN stares; YODA chuckles.

                YODA
            Truly wonderful, the mind of a
            child is. Uncluttered. To the
            centre of the pull of gravity go,
            and find your planet you will.

                OBI-WAN
            But Master Yoda who could have
            erased information from the
            archives? That’s impossible,
            isn’t it?

                YODA
                (frowning)
            Much harder to answer, that
            question is.

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, WATER SPEEDER, LANDING PLATFORM - LATE AFTERNOON
A water speeder driven by PADDY ACCU, the retreat caretaker, skims across the lake away from the island landing platform where a chrome Naboo Starship rests. ANAKIN and PADME are sitting in the speeder as it skims away to where a lodge rises on a beautiful island in the middle of the lake.

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, GARDEN TERRACEM LATE AFTERNOON
ANAKIN and PADME walk up the stairs from where the water speeder is parked onto a terrace overlooking a lovely garden. Behind them, PADDY ACCU supervises two serving girls, NANDI and TECKLA, as they carry the bags into the Lodge.

ANAKIN and PADME stop at the balustrade. PADME looks out across the garden to the shimmering lake and the mountains rising beyond. ANAKIN looks at her silently.

                PADMÉ
            When I was in Level Three, we used
            to come here for school retreat.
            See that island? We used to swim
            there every day. I love the water.

                ANAKIN
            I do too. I guess it comes from
            growing up on a desert planet.

PADME becomes aware that ANAKIN is looking at her.

                PADMÉ
            ...We used to lie on the sand and
            let the sun dry us... and try to
            guess the names of the birds
            singing.

                ANAKIN
            I don’t like sand. It’s coarse
            and rough and irritating, and it
            gets everywhere. Not like here.
            Here everything’s soft... and
            smooth...

He touches her arm. PADME has become receptive to the way he looks at her but is nervous.

                PADMÉ
            There was a very old man who lived
            on the island. He used to make
            glass out of sand - and vases and
            necklaces out of the glass. They
            were magical.

                ANAKIN
                (looks into her eyes)
            Everything here is magical.

                PADMÉ
            You could look into the glass and
            see the water. The way it ripples
            and moves. It looked so real...
            but it wasn’t.

                ANAKIN
            Sometimes, when you believe
            something to be real, it becomes
            real. Real enough, anyway...

They look into each other's eyes. He touches her chin.

                PADMÉ
            I used to think if you looked too
            deeply into glass, you would
            lose yourself.

                ANAKIN
            I think it's true...

ANAKIN kisses PADME. She doesn't resist. She comes to her senses and pulls away.

                PADMÉ
            I shouldn't have done that.

                ANAKIN
            I'm sorry. When I'm around you,
            my mind is no longer my own.

                PADMÉ
            It's the situation... the stress...

He looks at her.

                ANAKIN
            ...the view.

EXT. CORUSCANT, LANDING PLATFORM - LATE AFTERNOON
Obi-Wan's Starfighter is ready for takeoff. OBI-WAN and MACE WINDU stand beside it.

                MACE WINDU
            Be wary, this disturbance in the
            Force is growing stronger.

                OBI-WAN
            I am concerned for my Padawan. He
            is not ready to be on his own.

                YODA
            The Council is confident in this decision,
            Obi-Wan.

                MACE
            He has exceptional skills. The
            Council is confident in its
            decision, Obi-Wan. If the
            prophecy is true, he weill be the
            one to bring balance to the Force.

                OBI-WAN
            But he still has much to learn.
            And his abilities have made him...
            well... arrogant. I realise now
            what you and Master Yoda knew from
            the beginning... the boy was too
            old to start the training and...

OBI-WAN hesitates.

                MACE WINDU
            There's something else?

                OBI-WAN
            Master, he should not have been
            given this assignment. I'm afraid
            Anakin won't be able to protect
            the Senator. 

                MACE WINDU
            Why?

                OBI-WAN
            He has a... an emotional
            connection with her. It's been
            there since he was boy. Now
            he's confused... distracted.

                MACE-WINDU
            Obi-Wan, you must have faith that
            he will take the right path.

OBI-WAN climbs into the cockpit of the Starfighter.

                OBI-WAN
            Has Master Yoda gained any insight
            into whether or not this war will
            come about?

                MACE WINDU
            Probing the Dark Side is a
            dangerous process. He could be in
            seclusion for days... May the
            force be with you.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, YODA'S QUARTERS - LATE AFTERNOON
YODA sits with his eyes closed, meditating. Silence.

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LOUNGE, LATE AFTERNOON
The setting sun touches the mountain peaks. The lake glows in the rose-tinted light. Floatinf lamps glean softly like jewels at the lodge.

INT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, DINING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
NANDI place dessert in front of PADME. TECKLA does the same for ANAKIN. The dessert is some kind of fruit. PADME picks up her fork and goes to spear a piece, but it moves! She frowns and tries again -the fruit moves. She lokk up at ANAKIN. His eyes are on his plate.

                PADME
            You did that?

ANAKIN looks up - wide-eyed innocence.

                ANAKIN
            What?

PADME scowls at him. PADME jabs at the fruit - ANAKIN subtly moves his hand and it lifts up from the plate and hovers in front of her.

                PADME
            That! Now stop it!

PADME laughs. ANAKIN laughs. She reaches out for the fruit - it loops.

                PADME
                (continuing)
            Anakin!!

ANAKIN moves his fingers. The fruit flies into his hand.

                ANAKIN
            I'm not really supposed to do
            that... for fun, I mean. If
            Master Obi-Wan were here, he'd be
            very grumpy.

ANAKIN is pleased. He cuts the fruint into several pieces and sends one back to PADME. She bites it out of the air and laughs.

INT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, FIREPLACE ALCOVE - TWILIGHT
A fire blazes in the open hearth. PADME is sitting in front of it, gazing at the flames.

She looks up as ANAKIN arrives. She makes room for him. Brief pause.

                ANAKIN
            May I tell you something?

                PADME
            I don't know.

                ANAKIN
            Then how can I tell you?

                PADME
            Maybe you should use your Jedi
            intuition.

                ANAKIN
            It doesn't work around you. My
            mind is always a muddle... I can
            only think of you.

                PADME
            Anakin, don't...

                ANAKIN
            From the moment I met you, all
            those years ago, a day hasn't gone
            by when I haven't thought of you.
            And now that I'm close to you again,
            I'm in agony. The closer I get to
            you, the worse it gets. The
            thought of not being with you
            mskes my stomach turn over - my
            mouth goes dry. I feel dizzy. I
            can't breathe. I'm haunted by the
            kiss you should never have given
            me. My heart is beating, hoping
            that kiss will not become a scar.
            You are in my very soul,
            tormenting me. What can I do? I
            will do anything you ask...

Silence. The logs flame in the hearth.

                ANAKIN
                (continuing)
            If you are suffering as much as I
            am, tell me.

                PADME
            ...I can't. We can't. It's just
            not possible.

                ANAKIN
            Anything's possible. Padme,
            please listen...

                PADME
            You listen. We live in a real
            world. Come back to it. You're
            studying to become a Jedi Knight.
            I'm a Senator. If you follow your
            thoughts through to conclusion,
            they will take us to a place we
            cannot go... regardless of the way
            we feel about each other.

                ANAKIN
            Then you do feel something!
            There's an extraordinary
            connection between us. You can't
            deny that.

                PADME
            Annie, it doesn't make any
            difference. Jedi aren't allowed
            to marry. You swore an oath,
            remember? You'd be expelled from
            the Order. I will not let you
            give up your responsibilities...
            your future, for me.

                ANAKIN
            I was destined to be a Jedi. I
            don't think I could be anything
            else. But you are asking me to be
            rational. That is something I
            know I cannot do. I wish I could
            wish my feelings away... but I
            can't.

                PADME
            I am not going to give into this.
            I'm not going to throw my life
            away. I have more important things
            to do than fall in love.

There is silence as they stare at the fire. ANAKIN is thinking.

                ANAKIN
            It wouldn't have to be that way...
            we could keep it a secret.

                PADME
            Then we'd be living a lie - one we
            couldn't keep even if we wanted
            to. Mt sister saw it. So did my
            mother. I couldn't do that.
            Could you, Anakin? Could you live
            like that?

Silence for a moment.

                ANAKIN
            ...No, you're right. It would
            destroy us.

EXT. SPACE
It's just like the star map hologram, plus the storm-shrouded planet of Kamino, which is exactly where it ought to be. Obi-Wan's Starship flies OVER CAMERA and heads down toward the planet.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY, KAMINO LANDING PLATFORM (RAINSTORM) - DAY
Heavy rans and hard-driving winds lash the platform as Obi-Wan's Starship approaches. The huge, ultra-modern city of Tipoca rests on great stilts that keep it above the pounding and ever-present waves that cover the surface of this watery world.

The Starfighter lands. OBI-WAN gets out and makes his way through the bowling wind toward a tower on the far side of the platform. A door slides open. A shaft of brilliant light pierces the swirling rain. OBI-WAN passes through it and goes inside.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR ENTRANCE
A Brilliant white light. OBI-WAN pushes the soaking hood from his face.

                TAUN WE
            Welcome to Tipoca City, Master
            Jedi.

OBI-WAN wipes the rain from his face and blinks in surprise at a tall, pasty-white alien named TAUN WE. He has large, almond shaped eyes.

                TAUN WE
            Everything is ready. The Prime
            Minister expects you.

                OBI-WAN
                (warily)
            I'm expected?

                TAUN WE
            Of course! He is anxious to see
            you. After all these years, we
            were beginning to think you
            weren't coming. Now please, this
            way!

OBI-WAN masks his surprise as they move away along the corridor.

Obi-Wan follows Taun We cautiously.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, PRIME MINISTER OFFICE - DAY
The door slides open. OBI-WAN and TAUN WE enter and cross to where LAMA SU rises, smiling, from behind his desk, which, like all the furniture on Kamino, seems made out of pure light.

                TAUN WE
            May I present Lama Su, Prime
            Minister of Kamino... and this is
            Master Jedi...

                OBI-WAN
            Obi-Wan Kenobi.

                LAMA SU
            Please...

LAMA SU indicates a chair. OBI-WAN sits. TAUN WE hovers. The room is bathed in brilliant white light. The whole place is ultra high-tech.

                LAMA SU
            I trust you are going to enjoy
            your stay. We are most happy you
            have arrived at the best part of
            the season.

                OBI-WAN
            You make me feel most welcome.

                LAMA SU
            And now to business. You will be
            delighted to hear we are on
            schedule. Two hundred thousand
            units are ready, with another
            million well on the way.

                OBI-WAN
                (improvising)
            That is... good news.

                LAMA SU
            Please tell your Master Sido-Dyas
            that we have every confidence his
            order will be met on time and in
            full. He is well, I hope?

                OBI-WAN
            I'm sorry Master - ?

                LAMA SU
            Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas. He's still
            a leading member of the Jedi
            Council, is he not?

                OBI-WAN
            Oh, yes. Sido-Dyas.

                LAMA SU
                (rising)
            You must be anxious to inspect the
            units for yourself.

                OBI-WAN
            That's why I'm here.

EXT. NABOO, MOUNTAIN MEADOW - LATER AFTERNOON
PADME and ANAKIN are in the middle of an idyllic hilly meadow, its lush grasses sprinkled with flowers. At a distance, a herd of SHAAKS graze contentedly.

Beyond is the shimmering expanse of the lake. Several other lakes stretch to the horizon. The warm air is full of little floating puffballs. They sit on the grass, in a playful, coy mood, talking. PADME is picking flowers.

                PADMÉ
            I don't know...

                ANAKIN
            Sure you do... you just don't want
            to tell me.

                PADMÉ
            Are you going to use one of your
            Jedi mind tricks on me?

                ANAKIN
            They only work on the weak-minded.
            You are anything but weak-minded.

                PADMÉ
            All right... his name was Palo.
            I was twelve. We were both in the
            Legislative Youth Program. He was
            a few years older then I... very
            cute... dark curly hair... dreamy
            eyes.

                ANAKIN
            All right, I get the picture...
            whatever happened to him?

                PADMÉ
            I went on to become a Queen. He
            went on to become an artist.

                ANAKIN
            Maybe he was the smart one.

                PADME
            You really don't like politicians,
            do you?

                ANAKIN
            I like two or three, but I'm not
            really sure about one of them.
                (smiling)
            I don't think the system works.

                PADME
            How would you have it work?

                ANAKIN
            We need a system where the
            politicians sit down and discuss
            the problems, agree what's in the
            best interests of all the people,
            and then do it.

                PADME
            That is exactly what we do. The
            trouble is that people don't
            wlways agree. In fact, they
            hardly ever do.

                ANAKIN
            Then they should be made to.

                PADME
            By whom? Who's going to make them?

                ANAKIN
            I don't know. Someone.

                PADME
            You?

                ANAKIN
            Of course not me.

                PADME
            But someone.

                ANAKIN
            Someone wise.

                PADME
            That sounds an awful lot like a
            dictatorship to me.

A mischievious little grin creeps across his face.

                ANAKIN
            Well, if it works...

PADME stares at ANAKIN. He looks back at her, straight-faced, and can't hold a smile.

                PADMÉ
            You're making fun of me.

                ANAKIN
                 (sarcastic)
            On no, I'd be much too frightened
            to tease a Senator.

                PADMÉ
            You're so bad!

PADME picks up a piece of fruit and throws it at him. He catches it. PADME throws two more pieces of fruit, and ANAKIN catches them.

                ANAKIN
            You're always so serious. Always
            carrying the weight of the
            universe on your shoulders.

ANAKIN then starts to juggle the fruit. PADME laughs and throws more fruit at him. He manages to juggle them too until there are too many, and he loses control and ducks, letting food fall on his head. They both laugh.

ANAKIN stands in front of a SHAAK, yelling at it and waving his arms. PADME starts laughing as ANAKIN runs in circles, chased by the SHAAK.

The SHAAK crosses in front of PADME. ANAKIN is riding it, facing the SHAAK'S tail. The SHAAK bucks, and ANAKIN falls off. PADME laughs even harder. ANAKIN lies still. PADME jumps uip and runs to where ANAKIN is face down in the grass. She turns him over. He is pulling a stupid face at her. She yelps in mock fury and takes a swing at him. He catches her arm. She struggles. They roll over in the grass. Suddenly, they become aware of the contact between them. They let go of each other quickly and sit up, looking away.

ANAKIN stands up and holds out his hand to her. She take it. He pulls her up. And now they are easy together, not self-conscious any more. PADME scrambles up onto the SHAAK behind ANAKIN. She puts her arms around his waist and leans against his back. ABAJUB digs his heels in. The SHAAK starts forward, and they ride away.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY, PARADE GROUND (RAINSTORM) - DAY
OBI-WAN, LAMA SU and TAUN WE come out onto a balcony. Below is a huge parade ground. The rain and wind are brutal. THOUSANDS OF STORMTROOPERS, faces covered by helmets, are marching and drilling in formations of several hundred.

                LAMA SU
                (beaming)
            Magnificent, aren't they?

OBI-WAN nods slowly.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, COMMINSSARY - DAY
LAMA SU conducts OBI-WAN through a large eating area. TAUN WE follows as they walk by HUNDREDS OF CLONES who look exactly alike, all about twenty years old, dressed in black. They are seated at tables, eating.

                LAMA SU
            We modified their genetic
            structure to make them less
            independent than the original
            host. As a result they are
            totally obedient, taking any order
            without question.

                OBI-WAM
            Who was the original host?

                LAMA SU
            A bounty hunter called Jango Fett.
            We felt a Jedi would be the
            perfect choice, but Sido-Dyas hand-
            picked Jango Fett himself.

                OBI-WAN
            Where is this bounty hunter now?

                LAMA SU
            Oh, we keep him here. After a few
            hundred thousand clones, the
            genetic pattern starts to fade, so
            we take a fresh supply. He lives
            here, but he's free to come and go
            as he pleases.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, BARRACKS - DAY
The tour continues through a long corridor folled with narrow, transparent tubes into which CLONES are climbing. Once in the tube, the CLONE goes to sleep.

                LAMA SU
            Apart from his pay, which is
            considerable, Fett demanded only
            one thing - an unaltered clone for
            himself. Curious isn't it?

                OBI-WAN
            Unaltered?

                LAMA SU
            Pure genetic replication. No
            tampering with the structure to
            make it more docile... and no
            growth acceleration...

                OBI-WAN
            I would like to meet this Jango
            Fett.

                TAUN WE
            I would be most happy to arrange
            it, for you.

TAUN WE bows, and leaves.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, CLASSROOM - DAY
The tour continues through a classroom filled with IDENTICAL YOUNG BOY CLONES.

                OBI-WAN
            You mentioned growth
            acceleration...

                LAMA SU
            Oh yes, it's essential.
            Otherwise, a mature clone would
            take a lifetime to grow. Now, we
            can do it in half the time. Those
            items you saw on the parade ground
            were started ten years ago, when
            Sido-dyas first placed the order,
            and they're already mature...

OBI-WAN looks at the BOY CLONES.

                OBI-WAN
            And these?

                LAMA SU
            About five years ago.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, HATCHERY - DAY
They enter a space filled with great racks of glass spheres, which are filled with fluid in which EMBRYOS are suspended.

                LAMA SU
            They're immensely superior to
            droids, capable of independent
            thought and action.

                OBI-WAN
            Very impressive.

                LAMA SU
            I'd hoped you would be pleased. 

OBI-WAN gazes at the nearest embryos.

                OBI-WAN
                (carefully)
            Tell me, prime minister, when my
            Master Sido-dyas first contacted
            you, did he say the order was
            for... himself... or?

                LAMA SU
            Himself? Of course not. This
            army is for the Republic?

                OBI-WAN
                (astonished)
            The Repubic?

                LAMA SU
            We are also very much agasint this
            Count Dooku and his seccessionist
            movement. We are proud to be of
            help to the Republic.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, APARTMENT - LATE DAY
TAUN WE shows OBI-WAN into his room.

                TAUN WE
            I have arranged for you to meet
            Jango Fett in the morning. Sleep
            well.

TAUN WE goes. The door slides closed behind him. OBI-WAN looks around, then moves swiftly to check the room over. Finally, satisfied, he takes out his comlink.

                OBI-WAN
            Arfour, Arfour...

EXT. TIPOCA CITY LANDING PLATFORM, JEDI FIGHTER, (RAINSTORM) - LATE DAY
The R4 D17, Obi-Wan's Astro-Droid, who is sitting on top of Obi-Wan's Starfighter, switches on and BEEPS.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, APARTMENT - LATE DAY
OBI-WAN hears ARFOUR BEEP through his comlink.

                OBI-WAN
            Arfour, relay this, "scramble code
            five," to Courscant: care of "the
            old folks home."

EXT. TIPOCA CITY LANDING PLATFORM, JEDI FIGHTER, (RAINSTORM) - LATE DAY
ARFOUR BEEPS and WHISTLES. The panels light up inside the cockpit, as the message is transmitted.

EXT. JEDI TEMPLE, LIVINF QUARTERS - EARLY EVENING
YODA and MACE WINDU listen as a hologram of OBI-WAN stands between them broadcasting the massage. The singnal is very weak, the image fades in and out.

                OBI-WAN (V.O.)
            ...I've never heard of a Jedi
            called Sido-Dyas, have you, Master?

                MACE WINDU
            No. Whoever placed that order was
            not a Jedi, I can assure you.

                OBI-WAN (V.O.)
            I have a strong feeling that this
            bounty hunter is the assassin
            we're looking for.

                YODA
            Who he is working for... discover
            that, you must.

                OBI-WAN (V.O.)
            I will, Master, and I will also
            find out more about this clone
            army... May The Force...

The hologram switches off, and OBI-WAN fades away.

                WINDU 
            A clone army! Ordered by someone
            in the Senate perhaps... Someone's
            out to start a war.

                YODA
            Inform the chancellor of this, we
            must.

                WINDU
            Who do you think this impostor
            Sido-Dyas, could be?

YODA stares back at MACE WINDU, then slowly shakes his head.

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT - NIGHT
The silent lodge. The triple moons of Naboo reflected in the tranquil waters of the lake.

INT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, ANAKIN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
ANAKIN moves restlessly in his sleep. He mutters to himself. Sweat 
forms on his forehead. He turns violently. He cries out.

                ANAKIN
            No...No...No...Mom!...Don't,
            no, don't!

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, BALCONY OVERLOOKING GARDENS - MORNING
ANAKIN is on the balcony overlooking the gardens. After a moment, PAMDE comes onto the balcony behind him. She sees he is meditating and turns to go.

                ANAKIN
                (eyes closed)
            Don't go.

                PAMDE
            I don't want to disturb you.

                ANAKIN
            Your presence is soothing.

Brief pause.

                PADME
            You had a nightmare again last
            night.

                ANAKIN
            Jedi don't have nightmares.

                PADME
            I heard you.

ANAKIN'S opens his eyes and looks at her.

                ANAKIN
            I saw my mother. I saw her as
            clearly as I see you now. She's
            suffering, Padme. She is in
            pain...They're killing her!
                (getting up)
            I know I'm disobeying my mandate
            to protect you, Senator. I know I
            will be punished and possibly
            thrown out of the Jedi Order, but
            I must go. I have to help her!
            I'm sorry, Padme. I don't have a
            choice.

                PADME
            Annie, I told you I wouldn't let
            you give up your future for me.
            I'll go with you. That way you
            can continue to protect me, and
            you won't be disobeying your
            mandate.

                ANAKIN
            What about Master Obi-wan?

PADME smiles and takes his hand.

                PADME
            I guess we won't tell him, will we?

EXT. NABOO LAKE, FLOATING LANDING PLATFORM - DAY
ANAKIN and PADME step onto the landing platform from the water speeder. They enter the Naboo Starship. ARTOO BEEPS, and follows them on board. The ramp retracts.

PADDY ACCU drives the water speeder away from the platform as Anakin's Starship takes off.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY (RAINSTORM) - DAY
Rain lashes the city. Below, mightly waves pound the stilts, breaking almost to the height of the platforms.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR - DAY
TAUN WE conducts OBI-WAN to the door of Jango Fett's apartment. TAUN WE waves his hand, and a muted bell RINGS.

As they wait, OBI-WAN notes the door lock entry mechanism. Then the door opens, and a ten-year-old boy, BOBA FETT, looks at them. He is identical to the boys in the classroom.

                TAUN WE
            Boba, is your father here?

There is a brief pause, then BOBA FETT nods.

                TAUN WE
                (continuing)
            May we see him?

                BOBA FETT
            Sure.

Another brief pause, then BOBA FETT steps aside, and TAUN WE and OBI-WAN go through.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, FETT APARTMENT - DAY
OBI-WAN, TAUN WE, and BOBA FETT enter the apartment. OBI-WAN looks around the room.

                BOBA FETT
            Dad! Taun We's here!

JANGO FETT comes in from the bedroom. He wears a jumpsuit. He is unshaven and mean looking, his face pitted with scars of old wounds. There are a couple of weird tattoos on his muscular forearms. He eyes OBI-WAN with suspicion.

                TAUN WE
            Welcome back, Jango. Was your
            trip productive?

                JANGO FETT
            Fairly.

OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT size each other up. BOBA FETT studies both of them.

                TAUN WE
            This is Jedi Master, Obi-Wan
            Kenobi. He's come to check on our
            progress.

                JANGO FETT
            That right?

JANGO FETT'S eyes fix OBI-WAN coldly.

                OBI-WAN
            Your clones are very impressive.
            You must be very proud.

                JANGO FETT
            I'm just a simple man, trying to
            make my way in the universe,
            Master Jedi.

                OBI-WAN
            Aren't we all?

OBI-WAN eyes the half-open bedroom door, through which a couple of pieces of body armour can be seen on the floor. JANGO FETT registers OBI-WAN'S look. He moves in front of him, blocking the view.

                OBI-WAN
                (continuing)
            Ever made your way as far into the
            interior as Coruscant?

                JANGO
            Once or twice.

                OBI-WAN
            Recently?

                JANGO
                (eyes Obi-Wan carefully)
            Possibly...

                OBI-WAN
            Then you must know Master Sido-
            Dyas?

                JANGO
            Boba, close the door.

BOBA FETT moves to close the bedroom door. JANGO FETT smiles thinly at OBI-WAN.

                JANGO
                (continuing)
            Master who?

                OBI-WAN
            Sido-Dyas. Isn’t he the Jedi who
            hired you for this job?

                JANGO
            Never heard of him. I was
            recuited by a man called Darth
            Tyranus on one of the moons of
            Bogden.

                OBI-WAN
            No? I thought...

                TAUN WE
            Sido-Dyas told us to expect him.
            And he showed up just when your
            Jedi Master said he would. We
            have kept the Jedi’s involvement
            a secret until your arrival, just
            as your Master requested.

                OBI-WAN
            Curious...

                JANGO
            Do you like your army?

                OBI-WAN
            It seems to me it's your army -
            being that they are all clones of
            you.

                JANGO
                (grinning)
            They'll do their job well, I'll
            guarantee that.

                OBI-WAN
            I look forward to seeing them in
            action. Thank you for your time,
            Jango.

                JANGO
            Always a pleasure to meet a Jedi.

OBI-WAN and TAUN WE go out. The door slides closed. JANGO FETT turns to his son. He is deep in thought.

                BOBA
            What is it, Dad?

EXT. SPACE
The Naboo Starship heads toward the desert planet of Tatooine.

EXT. TATOOINE, MOS ESPA STREETS AND WATTO'S SHIP - DAY
The Naboo Starship lands in a large parking lot of Spaceships on the outskirts of Mos Espa. ANAKIN and PADME ride a rickshaw through the streets. ANAKIN stares at sights he hasn't seen for years. Finally, they come  to Wattos' shop, and the rickshaw stops.

                ANAKIN
                (to the droid driver)
            Wait, please.

ANAKIN and PADME get down. Sitting on a stool in front of the shop is WATTO. He is using a small electronic screwdriver on a fiddly DROID. THREE PIT DROIDS are chattering away and are trying to help him, but they seem only to make him madder.

                WATTO
                (yelling, in Huttese)
            No, not that one - that one!

                ANAKIN
                (arriving)
            Excuse me, Watto.

                WATTO
                (in Huttese)
            What?

                ANAKIN
                (in Huttese)
            I said excuse me.

WATTO turns to the chattering PIT DROIDS.

                WATTO
                (in Huttese)
            Shut down.

The PIT DROIDS snap into their storage position.

                WATTO
                (continuing, in Huttese)
            What? I don't know you... What can
            I do for you? You look like a
            Jedi. Whatever it is... I didn't
            do it.

WATTO drops the screwdriver and curses loudly in Huttese

                ANAKIN
            Let me help you with that.

ANAKIN takes the fiddly piece of equipment and starts to play with it. WATTO blinks in surprise.

                ANAKIN
                (continuing)
            I'm looking for Shmi Skywalker.

WATTO looks at him suspiciously. He stares at PADME, then back to ANAKIN.

                WATTO
            Annie?? Little Annie?? Naaaah!!

Suddenly, the fiddly piece of equipment in Anakin's hands WHIRS into life. WATTO blinks at it.

                WATTO
                (continuing; in English)
            You are Annie! It is you! You
            little womp rat.

WATTO gives ANAKIN a big hug.

                WATTO
                (continuing)
            You sure sprouted Weehoo! A
            Jedi! Waddya know? Hey, maybe
            you couldda help wit some
            daedbeats who owe...

                ANAKIN
            My mother...

                WATTO
            Oh, yeah. Shmi... she's not mine
            no more. I sold her.

                ANAKIN
            Sold her...

                WATTO
            Years ago. Sorry, Anne, but you
            know, business is business.
            Sold her to a moisture farmer
            named Lars. Least I think it was
            Lars. Believe it or not, I heard
            he freed her and married her. Can
            ya beat that?

                ANAKIN
            Do you know where they are?

                WATTO
            Long way from here... someplace
            over on the other side of Mos
            Eisley, I think...

                ANAKIN
            I'd like to know.

ANAKIN'S grim look means business; WATTO gets the hint quickly.

                WATTO
            Yeah... sure... absolutely. Let's
            go look in my records.

ANAKIN and WATTO go into the shop.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY (RAINSTORM) - DAY
The waves crash against the water city as the storm continues. Light suddenlyt streams from the base of a landing platform as a door slides open.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR - DAY
OBI-WAN stands with LAMA SU and TAUN WE just inside the open door.

                LAMA SU
            Tell your Council the first
            battalions are ready. And remind
            them that if they need more
            troops, we will need time to grow
            them.

                OBI-WAN
            I won't forget.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY, KAMINO LANDING PLATFORM (RAINSTORM) - DAY
OBI-WAN comes out from the tower into the driving ran. The door closes behind him. He pulls his robe around him and stands braced against the gale.

Below, a huge wave crashes against the stilts. Spray flies high and whips across the platform where OBI-WAN is standing. He walks over to his Starfighter, looks to see if anyone is watching, then turns and goes back to the door. It slides open.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR - DAY
OBI-WAN enters cautiously from outside. Ahead, the corridor is deserted. He moves down it.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, FETT APARTMENT - DAY
OBI-WAN walks in to find the room in complete disorder. The bedroom door is wide open - clear signs of hurried departure. All of the Fetts' personal belongings are gone.

OBI-WAN goes to an ultra-thin computer screen. He punches up AN ONSCREEN PICTURE of JANGO FETT and BOBA FETT unhitching the lines securing their ship to the landing platform. JANGO FETT is wearing his armour and rocket pack. BOBA FETT climbs aboard the small Fighter.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY, KAMINO LANDING PLATFORM (RAINSTORM) - DAY
JANGO FETT picks up a case and swings it up to BOBA FETT, who stows it inside the ship. JANGO FETT picks up another case and is about to swing it, when:

                BOBA FETT
            Dad!!

JANGO FETT turns to see OBI-WAN charging out of the tower toward him. As he runs, OBI-WAN draws his lightsaber from his belt. It flashes on.

JANGO FETT draws his gun and fires at the charging JEDI. OBI-WAN deflects the blast and swings at JANGO FETT.

The bounty hunter rockets up and over OBI-WAN, landing behind him. He fires a thin wire from his wrist pack, trying to entangle the Jedi.

JANGO FETT fire several Kamino Kyber Darts from his elbow launcher. OBI-WAN deflects them back at JANGO FETT, but they strike harmlessly against the bounty hunter's armour.

IN THE COCKPIT of Jango Fett's ship, BOBA FETT grabs the controls of a laser gun and swings it to aim at OBI-WAN.

OUTSIDE, in the driving rain, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT circle each other, sizing each other up - feinting.

IN THE COCKPIT, each time BOBA FETT is ready to fire, JANGO FETT blocks his view of OBI-WAN.

OUTSIDE, OBI-WAN makes a sudden attack, swinging at JANGO FETT, who deflects the blows. One slices off a piece of the bounty hunter's shoulder plate. JANGO FETT rockets into the air and hovers above OBI-WAN. The Jedi spins as:

IN THE COCKPIT, BOBA FETT fires.

OUTSIDE, the laser shell streaks past OBI-WAN to strike the edge of the tower. JANGO FETT fires down at OBI-WAN. The Jedi deflects the shots back, but JANGO FETT evades them. Then he swoops down, swinging around OBI-WAN. As he shoots past, he kicks the lightsaber out of the Jedi's hand.

The lightsaber skids across the wet surface of the landing platform. OBI-WAN dives after it. JANGO FETT zooms in front of him and grabs the lightsaber. OBI-WAN punches it out of his hand.

IN THE COCKPIT, BOBA FETT watches as:

OUTSIDE, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT grapple and fight, punching, kicking, grabbing hold, and throwing each other around. OBI-WAN grabs JANGO FETT tightly, and JANGO FETT rockets up into the air and kicks OBI-WAN loose. OBI-WAN crashes to the deck and slides toward the edge. He grapples desperately for a handhold on the slick surface.

JANGO FETT rockets down to kick at him. OBI-WAN hauls himself up. JANGO FETT zooms to the far side of the platform.

OBI-WAN uses Jedi powers to pull part of the structure loose. It hits JANGO FETT, who loses his balance, teetering on the edge. OBI-WAN charges acress, dives, and grabs hold of JANGO FETT just as he falls over the edge.

Locked together, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT plummet down toward the raging ocean. At the last moment, JANGO FETT fires a cable out of his backpack that shoots upward and locks onto a metal strut on the underside of the platform. OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT swing and CRASH onto one of the stilts.

OBI-WAN is knocked clear and drops onto a SMALL SERVICE PLATFORM just above the waves. He hauls himself to his feet. JANGO FETT hovers in mid-air opposite him, as a HUGE WAVE crashes over OBI-WAN. When it subsides, the Jedi has disappeared.

JANGO FETT rockets up to the landing platform, where he drops down beside his ship. He clambers inside the cockpit and settles into the pilot's seat. He punches buttons. The engines ROAR.

OUTSIDE, Jango Fett's ship lifts off from the platform and heads up into the lowering sky. It disappears. Lightning flashes. Rain lashes the tower and streams across the surface of the platform, to where:

A HAND suddenlt clutches at the very edge of the platform. A moment later, ANOTHER HAND grabs hold.

EXT. TATOOINE, BLUFF OVERLOOKING HOMESTEAD - LATE DAY
The Naboo Starship descends, hovers, and land on a bluff. ANAKIN and PADME get out. They look down from the edge of the bluff to where the homestead is seen on the desert floor below.

                PADME
            Stay with the ship, Artoo.

ARTOO WHISTLES as ANAKIN and PADME start down the trail toward the homestead.

EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, HOMESTEAD MOISTURE FARM - LATE DAY
C-3PO is working outside the homestead. He still lacks an outer covering; his inner parts and wiring show. He looks up as ANAKIN and PADME arrive,

                C-3PO
            Good evening. May I help you?

                ANAKIN
            Threepio?

                C-3PO
            Oh, my... oh, my! Master
            Anakin! My goodness, I can hardly
            believe it! And this must be Miss
            Padme.

                PADME
            Hello, Threepio.

                ANAKIN
            I've come to see my mother.

                C-3PO
            Oh, dear! I'm so terribly sorry,
            Master Annie.

                PADME
            Threepio, what's happened?

                C-3PO
            I think we'd better go inside.

EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, COURTYARD - LATE DAY
ANAKIN, PADME and THREEPIO arrive in the courtyard. THREEPIO shuffles ahead.

                C-3PO
            Master Lars - Master Owen!
            Somebody to see you!

OWEN LARS and BERU WHITESUN come out into the courtyard.

                ANAKIN
            I'm Anakin Skywalker. I'm here
            looking for my mother.

                OWEN
            Owen Lars... I guess I'm your
            step-brother.
                (they shake hands)
            This is my girlfriend, Beru.

                BERU
            Hello.

                PADME
            I'm Padme.

                OWEN
            I had a feeling you might show up
            some day.

                ANAKIN
            Is my mother here?

                CLIEGG
            No, she's not.

CLIEGG LARS swings from the house on a small floating chair. One of his legs is heavily bandaged; the other is missing. He balances awkwardly and puts out a hand.

                CLIEGG
                (continuing)
            Cliegg Lars. Shmi is my wife...
            Come on inside. We have a lot to
            talk about.

INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, KITCHEN - LATE DAY
BERU puts several steaming cups of ardees on a tray and exits the kitchen...

                CLIEGG (O.S.)
            It was just before dawn. They
            came out of nowhere. A hunting
            party of Tusekn Raiders.

INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, DINING AREA - LATE DAY
CLIEGG, OWEN, PADME and ANAKIN sit around the table, BERU brings the drinks from the kitchen.

                CLIEGG
            Your mother had gone out early,
            like she always did, to pick
            mushrooms that grow on the
            vaporatos. From the tracks, she
            was about halfway when they
            took her. Those Tuskens walk like
            men, but they're vicious, mindless
            monsters. Thirty of us went out
            after her. Four of us came back.
            Three more are still out there
            looking. I'd be with them,
            only... I just couldn't ride any
            more... until I heal.

CLIEGG grimaces, easing his throbbing leg.

                CLIEGG
                (continuing)
            This isn't the way I wanted to
            meet you, son. This isn't how
            your mother and I planned it. I
            don't want to give up on her, but
            she's been gone a month. There's
            little hope she's lasted this long.

Silence. Then ANAKIN stands up.

                OWEN
            Where are you going?

                ANAKIN
            To find my mother.

                PADME
            No, Annie!

                CLIEGG
            She's daed, son. Accept it.

                ANAKIN
            I can feel her pain, and I will
            find her. I know she's alive.

ANAKIN turns abruptly.

EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, MOISTURE FARM - LATE DAY
ANAKIN stands looking across the desert. PADME comes running out of the homestead after him, followed by OWEN. ANAKIN turns to PADME.

                ANAKIN
            You are going to have to stay
            here. These are good people,
            Padme. You'll be safe.

                OWEN
            Take my speeder bike.

                PADME
            Anakin...

PADME hugs him. ANAKIN walks over to Owen's speeder bike, which is standing close by.

                ANAKIN
            I trust you'll watch over her,
            Owen.

                OWEN
            Don't worry.

ANAKIN swings onto the bike. The engine fires.

                ANAKIN
            I won't be long.

ANAKIN takes off across the desert. PADME watches him go.

EXT. SPACE, GEONOSIS
The red planet of Geonosis is circled by a large asteroid field that form rings. Jango Fett's ship appears, heading toward it.

INT. COCKPIT, FETT SHIP, SPACE, GEONOSIS
JANGO FETT grins at BOBA FETT.

                JANGO FETT
            Nearly there, son.

JANGO FETT guides he ship around the asteroids. Suddenly:

                BOBA FETT
            Dad, look!!

On the view screen, Obi-Wan's ship appears, chasing after them. JANGO FETT grabs the controls. They are thrown around as the ship plummets to try to lose OBI-WAN.

                JANGO FETT
            Hang on!

The ship goes into a power-climb. A GREAT SPACE DDOGFIGHT ensues between OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT.

EXT. SPACE, GEONOSIS
The ships flip, roll, and turn at incredible speed, didging, weaving and firing. They tumble from near misses. Hits fly off Obi-Wan's fighter as one of Jango's missiles gets through.

Finally, it seems as if OBI-WAN is getting the upper hand. JANGO FETT breaks off the fight and dives sharply. He maneuvers deftly between two huge asteroids.

In JANGO FETT'S COCKPIT, BOBA FETT flinches as asteroids pass very close by.

                BOBA FETT
            Dad! Watch out!

                JANGO FETT
            Stay calm, son. We'll be fine.
            That Jedi won't be able to follow
            us through this.

But Obi-Wan ship dives into the asteroid belt after them.

IN OBI-WAN'S COCKPIT, his skill is pushed to the limit as he throws the ship from side to side, avoiding great rocks. Then a huge asteroid tumbles across his path. There seem no way he can avoid it. OBI-WAN fires a couple of aerial torpedoes. They streak toward the asteroid.

IN JANGO'S COCKPIT, they see the huge explosion as Obi-Wan's ship appears to smash into the asteroid.

                BOBA FETT
            Got him! Yeahhhhh!

                JANGO FETT
            We won't see him again.

BOBA FETT laughs. Jango Fett's ship emerges from the asteroid belt and heads down toward the planet of Geonosis.

EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, JAWA CAMP - SUNSET
ANAKIN stands in the middle of a crowd of JAWAS. He asks them from directions. The JAWAS confer exicitedly, then the CHIEF JAWA points in a particular direction. ANAKIN gets on the bike and speeds off to where the JAWA pointed.

EXT. TATOOINE, DUNE SEA, CAMPFIRE - TWILIGHT
ANAKIN rides over a large dune toward a small flickering light in the distance.

He rides up and stops the bike in front of a campfire. There are bodies of THREE DEAD FARMERS lying beside the campfire. TWO EOPIES are thethered nearby, along with a burned and smoking speeder.

EXT. TATOOINE, LANDSCAPE (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
THREE DIFFERENT SHOTS. ANAKIN rids the speeder bike through three exotic landscapes. In one shot, he stops and looks down at some tracks. Then he starts up his speeder and rides off.

EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, HOMESTEAD (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
The lights of the vaporators blink in the night sky. Somewhere close by, a night animal HOWLS.

EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, COURTYARD (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
PADME is pacing the courtyard restlessly. She stops, listening to the animal HOWLING nearby. She shivers slightly, then turns and goes into the garage at the side of the courtyard.

INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD - GARAGE (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
PADME stands looking at a speeder parked in the garage. Short silence. Then:

                C-3PO
            Please don't leave us, Miss Padme.
            These people need your help.

THREEPIO is parked in a corner.

                PADME
            I'm not leaving, Threepio. I just
            can't sleep.

                C-3PO
            That's something I cannot relate
            to. As a Protocol Droid, I'm
            either active or inactive.
            There's no in-between.

                PADME
            I guess you're lucky.

                C-3PO
            Do you really think so..? I
            suppose I shouldn't expect...

                PADME
            You're not happy here?

                C-3PO
            Oh, I'm not unhappy... and my
            masters here ar so kind I
            wouldn't wish to trouuble them,
            it's just... being like this...
            well, it's embarrassing.

                PADME
            Being like what?

                C-3PO
            Naked. If you pardon the
            expression. You see, when Master
            Annie made me, he never quite
            found the time to give me any
            outer covering. It's so
            humiliating. How would you like it
            if you had to go around with all
            your circuits showing?

                PADME
            I guess I wouldn't like it at all.

                C-3PO
            Of course you wouldn't. Nobody
            would. It's simply not protocol.

PADME looks thoughtfully at a pile of spare parts and bits of metal and tools.

                PADME
            Maybe we can do something about it.

                C-3PO
            I don't think so. Only Master
            Annie...

                PADME
            Why not? They seem to have a box
            of old coverings here.

                C-3PO
            Oh? How observant of you, Miss
            Padme. Of course, I'm just not
            mechanically minded... if you see
            what I mean.

PADME picks up a piece of metal and holds it against him.

                PADME
            Let's see, if we put this...
            here...

                C-3PO
            Ooooh! That's tickles.

                PADME
            You'll have to be quiet, Threepio.
            Hold still, please.

EXT. SPACE, GEONOSIS RINGS
A huge chunk of rock tumbles slowly through the asteroid bely. CAMERA CLOSES, to discover Obi-Wan's Starship hidden in a blasted-out area on the pitted back side of the great rock.

INT. COCKPIT, JEDI FIGHTER, SPACE, GEONOSIS RINGS
OBI-WAN looks out toward Geonosis and sees in the distance a large fleet of Trade Federation Ships hidden among the asteroids. He starts the engines of his fighter.

Obi-Wan's Fighter moves out from the back side of the asteroid and heads away from the asteroid field, descending toward Geonosis.

EXT. GEONOSIS, LANDING AREA - NIGHT
Obi-Wan's ship skims across the top of a small mesa along the edge of a rocky ridge. He maneuvers under a rock overhang and lands. He gets out of the Fighter and walks onto the mesa. The wind whips at him. He looks around.

Geonosis is a red rock planet, featureless apart from buttes and mesas, and occasional tall stalagmites that stand out dramatically on the arid plains.

The night is quiet, except for an occasional WEIRD CRY. OBI-WAN checks his bearings, then heads away.

EXT. GEONOSIS, ROCK FACE TRAIL - NIGHT
OBI-WAN climbs a steep, narrow trail. Suddenly, a CRY is heard close by. OBI-WAN stumbles slightly. His foot slips on the edge, sending a stream of peblles skittering into the darkness.

OBI-WAN listens. Silence. He draws his lightsaber but does not ignite it.

He sets off again and works his way around a narrow corner, to confront a crouching MASSIFF (a dog-sized lizard) with slavering fangs! The beast leaps at him, and OBI-WAN ignites his lightsaber as the MASSIFF knocks him on his back. Its jaws open wide. OBI-WAN stabs the creature, throws it off of him, and jumps up.

A SECOND MASSIFF jumps from behind. OBI-WAN swings around and cuts it in half. The MASSIFF flies over the cliff, HOWLING. It plummets to its death hundreds of feet below.

EXT. TATOOINE, CLIFF (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
ANAKIN pulls up near the edge of a cliff. He gets off the bike and creeps to the edge. He looks over to see a Tusken camp in the oasis below. One of the huts at the edge of the camp has TWO TUSKEN GUARDS outside it.

EXT. TATOOINE, TUSKEN RAIDER CAMP, OASIS (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
ANAKIN creeps through the camp, working his way from hut to hut, flattening himself against the wall,s overhearing snatches of Tusken conversation from inside, using the shadows to him him until he arrives at the hut with the TWO GUARDS. They are sitting a short distance from the door. ANAKIN wriggles around the black. He takes out his lightsaber and cuts into the base of the wall.

INT. TUSKEN RAIDER HUTT - NIGHT
The lightsaber completes the hole in the wall. ANAKIN wriggles in. He pulls himself to his feet. There are candles everywhere.

A shaft of moonlight from a hole in the roof pierces the gloom of the hut. By its light, ANAKIN sees SHMI, hanging from a wooden frame in the middle of the hut.

He cuts her free, takes her into his arms, and lowers her gently to the ground. Her eyes are closed. Her face is bloodied. She has been 
terribly beaten. Anakin cradles her tenderly.

                ANAKIN
            Mom... Mom... Mom... 

SHMI'S eyelids flutter - and barely open. They are caked with blood.

                SHMI
            Annie...? Is it you?

SHMI'S eyes focus slowly. ANAKIN gives a little choking gasp.

                ANAKIN
            I’m here, Mom. You’re safe. Hang
            on. I’m going to get you out of
            here...

                SHMI
            I’m so glad... to see you,
            Annie... Now... I am complete...

                ANAKIN
            Just stay with me, Mom. I’m going
            to make you well again.
            Everything’s going to be fine.

                SHMI
            You look so handsome. My son...
            my grown-up son. I’m so proud of
            you, Annie... so proud... I missed
            you so much... I love...

SHMI dies. ANAKIN draws her to his breast. There is silence for a moment. ANAKIN lifts his head, listening for a moment, then he sits on the floor of the Tusken hut, cradling his dead mother in his arms.

EXT. GEONOSIS, ROCK FACE TRAIL - NIGHT
OBI-WAN arrives at the head of the trail. Far below, a flat plain stretches into the distance. He stop, peering into the darkness, where strange shapes loom indistinctly.

OBI-WAN takes a pair of electronic binoculars from his belt and puts them to his eyes. He sees a cluster of great towers like fantastic stalagmites rise from the plain below.

SLOW PAN with the binoculars, and suddenly a line of Battle Starships come into view. OBI-WAN touches the viewfinder. Between fifty and a hundred Federation Starships in near rows. Some are on platforms that are carrying the Starships diwn to an underground facility. Other platforms are rising to the surface. They carry THOUSANDS of BATTLE DROIDS that step off and file into the waiting ships. A fully loaded Starship takes off. OBI-WAN swings the binoculars upward, to see more Federation Starships.

EXT. TATOOINE, TUSKEN RAIDER CAMP, OASIS - DAWN
The pale light grows. Thin tendrils of smoke rise slowly in the cold, clear air. Somewhere an dog BARKS. An OLD WOMAN comes out of one of the huts. She carries a pail. She swirls it and tosses the dirty water onto the ground.

As she goes back inside the hut, a TUSKEN CHILD runs past, dragging a stick in the sand. The CHILD runs through the line of huts, turns a corner, and stops suddenly, staring at the bodies of the TWO TUSKEN GUARDS. Between them, ANAKIN stands outside the hut door. His face is a grim mask. The CHILD stares, then there is a FLASH OF LIGHT as Anakin’s lightsaber switches on.

EXT. GEONOSIS, LANDING AREA - NIGHT
OBI-WAN comes running back to his ship and climbs into the cockpit. He settles into his seat. His ARFOUR DROID beeps a happy greeting. OBI-WAN switches on his comlink.

                OBI-WAN
            "Guiding light" to "old folks
            home."

EXT. CORUSCANT, REPUBLIC EXECUTIVE BUILDING - DAY
LOW ANGLE. A line of reflecting pools with splashing fountains flanked by statues on each side leads to the main entrance to the awesome building.

INT. CORUSCANT, CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE
A hologram of OBI-WAN flickers in front of a group, made up of Jedi (YODA, MACE WINDU, and KI-ADI-MUNDI) and Senators (BAIL ORGANA, ASK AAK, LUMINARA, and JAR JAR). PALPATINE and MAS AMEDDA are in the middle of the group, watching with growing concern.

                OBI-WAN
            ...Starships from the Trade
            Federation and the Commerce Guilds
            are taking deliveries of battle
            droids from the foundries on
            Geonosis.

                BAIL ORGANA
            That's outrageous! The treaty
            forbids the Trade Federation from
            building up an army. What are
            they doing?!

                OBI-WAN
            The droid foundry seems to be
            working at full capacity. I am
            going to go down and investigate.
            I will bring Jango Fett back home
            for interrogation.

                PALPATINE
            Those Geonosian foundries are part
            of the Techno Union. We will call
            in their representatives and ask
            them a few very pointed questions.

                OBI-WAN
            One more thing. Jango mentioned
            he was recruited by someone named
            Darth Tyranus. Any idea who that
            might be?

                YODA
            With the forename Darth, a Sith he
            must be.

                MACE WINDU
            Our missing apprentice. They are
            playing their hand at last.

                OBI-WAN
            Do you believe he could be the
            mysterious Sido-Dyas, who made the
            deal for the clone army?

                YODA
            Perhaps too many pieces are missing
            from this puzzle, there are.

                MACE WINDU
            Be careful, Obi-Wan. This
            investigation is becoming less
            than routine. Do you need help?

                OBI-WAN
            Let me see if I can figure out
            what's going on first.

The hologram of OBI-WAN fades off. PALPATINE stares at the spot where the hologram was in disbelief.

                BAIL ORGANA
            The Commerce Guilds are preparing
            for war... there can be no doubt
            of that.

                PALPATINE
            Count Dooku must have made a
            treaty with them.

                MACE WINDU
            We must stop them soon before
            they're fully ready.

                SENATOR ASK AAK
            The debate is over, we need
            that clone army now!

                BAIL ORGANA
            Unfortunately, the debate is not
            over. The Senate will never be
            able to approve the use of that
            army before the separatists
            attack.

Mas Amedda, who had been silent up until now suddenly speaks up.

                MAS AMEDDA
            This is a crisis! If the Senate
            votes the Chancellor emergency
            powers, he could approve the use
            of the army in a minute.

                PALPATINE
            Please, please, I don't wish to
            have emergency powers. That's too
            extreme a solution. It's akin to
            a dictatorship. We must rely on
            the Jedi. Master Yoda, how many
            are available to go to Geonosis?

MACE WINDU and YODA look at one another.

                YODA
            Two Hundred,... less or more.

                BAIL ORGANA
            With all due respect for the Jedi
            Order, two hundred will be no
            match for hundreds of thousands of
            battle droids.

                MACE WINDU
            Patience. We should wait for Obi-
            Wan to report back. We don't know
            that Count Dooku has made a treaty
            with the Corporate Alliance, it's
            speculation.

                SENATOR ASK AAK
            But we must prepare for the worst.
            I'm going to propose a motion
            granting emergency powers to the
            Chancellor at the next session. We
            must not wait!

                PALPATINE
            Out of the question, Senator! You
            and I are too closely aligned.
            The issue will become partisan and
            debates will begin. The proposal
            must come from a neutral source.

                MAS AMEDDA
            If only Senator Amidala were here.

JAR JAR steps forward from the back of the group.

                JAR JAR
            Supreme Chancellor... my august
            colleagues, I would be proud to
            propose the motion in question.
            This is a grave situation, and I'm
            sure Senator Amidala, and the
            Queen of Naboo would agree.

                SENATOR ASK AAK
            Thank you, Representative Binks.

Silence. Then PALPATINE sighs deeply.

                PALPATINE
            If called upon, I will serve. But
            it will be the saddest day of my
            life.

EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, HOMESTEAD MOISTURE FARM - DAY
All is quiet. BERU comes out of the house. She goes to a moisture line and starts to draw water.

INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, GARAGE - DAY
PADME fixes the last piece of covering onto THREEPIO.

                PADME
            There!

PADME stands back. OWEN is with her. They look at THREEPIO. He isn't the golden figure we know because PADME has had to use whatever stuff she could findin the garage. He is multi-coloured in several textures, but he is complete.

                C-3PO
            Um. How do I look?

                OWEN
            Great! You look perfect.

                C-3PO
            Perfect? Oh, Miss Padme, I'm so
            happy!
                (extending his hand to shake hers)
            Oh, pardon me.

THREEPIO drops his hand and bows formally.

                THREEPIO
                (continuing)
            Thank you.

He forgets formality and hugs her. PADME hugs him back, laughing.

                C-3PO
                (continuing)
            Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!

                OWEN
                (grinning)
            Well, Padme, I think he should be
            yours from now on... I know that
            is what my Mom would want.

                C-3PO
            Oh, my!

Then suddenly, from outside:

                BERU (V.O.)
            Come topside, everybody! He's
            back! He's back!





PAGE 83

PAGE 84

PAGE 85

PAGE 86

PAGE 87

PAGE 88







INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, GARAGE - DAY
A rough hologram of OBI-WAN is projected onto the garage by ARTOO. ANAKIN, PADME and THREEPIO watch the flickering image.

                OBI-WAN
            ...Alliance have pledged their
            armies to Count Dooku and are
            forming an... Wait!... ah...
            attack... I don't... make it...
            aaaggghhh!

The hologram cuts off. ANAKIN jumps up, agitated.

                ANAKIN
            I'm going after him!

                PADME
            I thought the first thing he said
            was to retransmit his message to
            Coruscant.

                ANAKIN
            Yeah, you're right, you're right.

EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, MOISTURE FARM - LATE DAY
ANAKIN, PADME, ARTOO and THREEPIO leave the homestead, waving to CLIEGG, OWEN and BERU as they go into the desert.

INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP - SUNSET
ANAKIN sits down in the cockpit with PADME. THREEPIO is behind them. ARTOO is beside him. They are watching a hologram of MACE WINDU.

                MACE WINDU
            We will deal with Count Dooku. The
            most important thing for you,
            Anakin, is to stay where you are.
            Protect the Senator at all costs.
            That is your priority.

                ANAKIN
            Understood, Master.

The hologram switches off. PADME is looking at the readout on the ship's control panel.

                PADME
            They'll never get there in time to
            save him. They have to come half
            way across the galaxy. Look,
            Geonosis is less than a parsec away.

PADME starts to hit buttons and flick switches. ANAKIN puts a hand over hers, stopping her. She stares at him.

                ANAKIN
            If he's still alive.

                PADME
            Annie, are you just going to sit
            here and let him die?? He's your
            friend... your mentor...

                ANAKIN
            ...He's like my father, but you
            heard Master Windu. He gave me
            strict orders to stay here.

                PADME
            He gave you strict orders to
            protect me...

PADME pulls her hand free and flicks more switches. The engines fire.

                PADME
                (continuing)
            ...and I'm going to save Obi-Wan.
            So if you plan to protect me, you
            will have to come along.

ANAKIN grins and takes the controls.

EXT. TATOOINE, BLUFF OVERLOOKING HOMESTEAD - SUNSET
The Naboo Starship rises from the bluff and zooms away.

EXT. CORUSCANT, JEDI TEMPLE - DAY
TWO HUNDRED JEDI KNIGHTS are assembling outside the huge center of the Jedi Order.

INT. CORUSCANT, JEDI TEMPLE, COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
The JEDI COUNCIL are assembled as MACE WINDU makes his plea.

                MACE WINDU
            The longer we wait, the stronger
            Dooku's armies become. We cannot
            wait for the Senate to make up its
            mind about granting the Chancellor
            emergency powers, in order to be
            able to use that clone army... We
            have the authority to go now. We
            must go now.

All of the JEDI COUNCIL nod their approval.

                YODA
            Agreed, Master Windu. Two hundred
            Jedi send. Enough, let's hope
            they are.

INT. CORUSCANT, MAIN SENATE CHAMBER - DAY
Inside the great rotunda, the UPROAR is even louder. Opposing SENATOES yell furiously at one another.

                MAS AMEDDA
            Order! Order!!

Finally, the uproar dies.

                PALPATINE
            In the regrettable absence of
            Senator Amidala, the chair
            recognises Senior
            Representative of Naboo, Jar Jar
            Binks.

Amid the conflicting storm of CHEERS AND BOOS, JAR JAR, with TWO GUNGAN AIDES, floats on his pod to the middle of the vast space. He looks at PALPATINE nervously. PALPATINE nods. JAR JAR clears his throat.

                JAR JAR
            Senators, dellow felagates...

Laughter. Jeers. JAR JAR blushes.

                MAS AMEDDA
            Order! The Senate will accord the
            Representative the courtesy of a
            hearing!

Comparative quiet. JAR JAR grips the edge of the podium.

                JAR JAR
            In response to the direct threat
            to the Republic from the
            Confederacy of Independent
            Systems, I propose that the Senate
            gives immediate emergency powers to
            the Supreme Chancellor.

Uproar. JAR JAR looks a little sheepish.

                JAR JAR
                (continuing)
            Who can deny these are exceptional
            times? Exceptional times demand
            exceptional measures!
            Exceptional measures demand
            exceptional men!

                ORN FREE TAA
            We won't support a dictator.

SHOUTS of agreement.

                JAR JAR
            That is the sentiment every one of
            us agrees with! And when the
            shadow of war has dispersed and
            the bright day of liberty has
            dawned once again, the power we now
            give to the Supreme Chancellor
            will be gladly, and swiftly
            returned. Out ancient liberties
            will be restored to us, burnished
            even more brightly than before!

Brief silence, then a rolling wave of APPLAUSE. JAR JAR beams and bows.

PALPATINE rises.

                PALPATINE
            It is with great reluctance that
            I have agreed to this calling. I
            love democracy... I love the
            Republic. The fact that this
            crisis is demanding I be given
            absolute power to tule over you is
            evident. But I am mild by nature
            and have no desire to destroy
            the democratic process. The power you
            give me I will lay down when this
            crisis has abated, I promise you.
            And all I ask in return is when my
            current term of office is over,
            you allow me to reture and live
            out my life in peace.

                MAS AMEDDA
            We shall proceed to the vote. All
            those in favor of granting
            emergency powers to the Supreme
            Chancellor, signal ate at this
            time... those opposed?

EXT. SPACE
The Naboo Starship heads toward the rings of Geonosis.

EXT. GEONOSIS, LANDING AREA
The Naboo Starship lands.

INT. COCKPIT, NAOO STARFIGHTER - DAY
ANAKIN switches off the engines. ARTOO and THREEPIO are in the navigation area of the cockpit. PADME is in the co-pilot's seat. She gets up.

                ANAKIN
            Hey, where are you going?

                PADME
            To find Obi-Wan.

ANAKIN gets up and goes over to her.

                ANAKIN
            No! You're not!

He grabs her arm.

                PADME
            Let go of me!

                ANAKIN
            I'm not letting you go out there.
            It's too dangerous.

                PADMÉ
            What?!?

                ANAKIN
            It's my job to protect you. I said
            it's too dangerous. You're not
            going, and that's final!

                PADMÉ
            Don't you give me orders, Annie!
            I'm a Senator of the Galactic
            Republic. You have no authority
            to contain me, restrain me, or
            direct me! You remember your
            place, young man.
                (standing up)
            Now you can come along and protect
            me or stay here. It's up to you.

PADME storms out of the cockpit of the Naboo Starfighter. ANAKIN stands scratching his head, then follows.

ARTOO BEEPS and WHISTLES.

                C-3PO
            Yes, it is, Artoo. Most
            confusing. One moment they're
            generating a pleasant mutual
            attraction and the next, waves of
            violent hostility. Even though
            I'm programmed to understand them,
            I doubt if I ever shall.

ARTOO WHISTLES a plaintive sigh.

INT. GEONOSIS, CORRIDORS - DAY
ANAKIN and PADME enter the stalagmite city. They stop, looking around in wonder at the emptiness.

                PADME
                (in a low voice)
            It's empty!

They start forward. As they pass, the surface of the pillars seems to pulse slowly and move. High above WINGED CREATURES grow from the pillars and detach themselves.

INT. GEONOSIS, CENTRAL SQUARE - DAY
ANAKIN and PADME cross the square, reaching the middle. They stop suddenly as FOUR GEONOSIANS grabs them. ANAKIN reaches for his lightsaber.

                PADME
            Wait!

TWENTY WINGED GEONOSIANS carrying weapons alight on the flagstones in front of them.

The GEONOSIANS part, and COUNT DOOKU appears. He bows courteously.

                COUNT DOOKU
            Senator Amidala, I've heard so
            much about you.

                PADMÉ
            Count Dooku, I assume.

                COUNT DOOKU
            I'm delighted to meet you at
            last. We have a great deal to
            discuss, Senator. I hope you can
            keep your young Jedi under control.

                PADMÉ
            Don't worry he's housebroken.

INT. CONFERENCE ROOM (GEONOSIS) - DAY
COUNT DOOKU sits at a large conference table with PADME on the far 
side. ANAKIN stands behind her with FOUR GEONOSIANS GUARDS standing behind him. JANGO FETT stands behind COUNT DOOKU, and SIX GEONOSIAN GUARDS stand behind him.

                PADMÉ
            You are holding a Jedi Knight, Obi-
            Wan Kenobi. I am formally
            requesting you turn him over to
            me, now.

                DOOKU
            He has been convicted of
            espionage, Senator, and will be
            executed. In just a few hours, I
            believe.

COUNT DOOKU smiles.

                PADMÉ
            He is an officer of the Republic.
            You can't do that.

                DOOKU
            We don't recognise the Republic
            here, Senator. But if Naboo were
            to join our Alliance, I could
            easily hear your plea for clemency.

ANAKIN grabs his lightsaber but doesn't turn it on.

                PADMÉ
            And if I don't join your
            rebellion, I assume this Jedi with
            me will also die?

                DOOKU
            I don't wish to make you to join
            our cause against your will,
            Senator, but you are a rational,
            honest representative of your
            people and I assume you want to do
            what's in their best interest.
            Aren't you fed up with the
            corruption, the bureaucrats, the
            hypocrisy of it all?.. Aren't
            you? Be honest, Senator.

                PADMÉ
            The ideals are still alive, Count,
            even if the institution is failing.

                DOOKU
            You believe in the same ideals we
            believe in! The same ideals we
            are striving to make prominent.

                PADMÉ
            If what you say is true, you
            should stay in the Republic and
            help Chancellor Palpatine put
            things right.

                DOOKU
            The Chancellor means well, M'Lady
            but he is incompetent. He has
            promised to cut the bureaucracy,
            but the bureaucrats are stronger
            than ever, no? Senator, the
            Republic cannot be fixed. It is
            time to start over. The
            democratic process in the Republic
            is a sham, a shell game played
            on the voters. It will not be long
            before the cult of greed, called
            the Republic, will lose even the
            pretext of democracy and freedom.

                PADMÉ
            I cannot believe that. I will not
            forsake all I have honoured and
            worked for and betray the
            Republic. I know of your treaties
            with the Trade Federation, the
            Commerce Guilds, and the others,
            Count. What is happening here is
            not government that has been
            bought out by business... it's
            business becoming government!

                DOOKU
            Are you willing to betray your Jedi
            friends? Without your co-operation
            I can do nothing to stop their
            execution.

                PADMÉ
            What is to happen to me? Am I to be
            executed also?

                DOOKU
            I wouldn't think of such an
            offence. But, there are
            individuals who have a strong
            interest in your demise, M'lady.
            It has nothing to do with
            politics, I'm afraid. It's purely
            personal, and they have already
            paid great sums to have you
            assassinated. I'm sure they will
            push hard to have you included in
            the executions. I'm sorry but if
            you are not going to co-operate, I
            must turn you over to the
            Geonosians for justice. I've done
            all I can for you.

JANGO FETT moves over to ANAKIN.

                JANGO FETT
            I'll take that weapon.

ANAKIN hesitates.

                DOOKU 
            You may cause a lot of bloodshed,
            my young Jedi, but you will not
            escape.

                PADMÉ
            Anakin...

ANAKIN hands his lightsaber over to JANGO FETT.

INT. GEONOSIS, HIGH AUDIENCE CHAMBER - DAY
ANAKIN and PADME are standing in the centre of what looks like a courtroom. Seated before them in a tall, boxed-off area is POGGLE THE LESSER, Archduke of Geonosis. He is accompanied by his underling, SUN RIT. Off to one side the Separatist Senators PO NUDU, TESSEK, and TOONBUCK TOORA. Next to them are the Commerce Dignitaries, SHU MAI, NUTE GUNRAY, PASSEL ARGENTE, WAT TAMBOR and SAN HILL of the Intergalactic Bank Clan. Along the wall about a HUNDRED GEONOSIANS wait for a verdict.

                SUN RIT
            You have been charged and found
            guilty of Espionage.

                POGGLE
            Do you have anything to say before
            your sentence is carried out?

                PADMÉ
            You are committing an act of war,
            Archduke. I hope you are prepared
            for the consequences.

POGGLE laughs. COUNT DOOKU simply smiles.

                POGGLE
            We build weapons, Senator... that
            is our business! Of course we're
            prepared!

                NUTE GUNRAY
            Get on with it. Carry out the
            sentence. I want to see her suffer.

                POGGLE
            Your other Jedi friend is waiting
            for you, Senator. Take them to
            the arena!

FOUR GUARDS take hold of PADME and ANAKIN. They are escorted out of the chamber to the sounds of chuckling.

INT. GEONOSIS TUNNEL TO EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
In the gloomy tunnel, ANAKIN and PADME are tossed into an open cart. The murmur of a vast crowd is heard offscreen. GUARDS extend their arms along the framework and tie them so that they stand facing each other.

The DRIVER gets up onto his seat.

                ANAKIN
            Don't be afraid.

                PADMÉ
            I'm not afraid to die. I've been
            dying a little bit each day since
            you came back into my life.

                ANAKIN
            What are you talking about?

                PADMÉ
            I love you.

                ANAKIN
            You love me?! I thought we
            decided not to fall in love. That
            we would be forced to live a lie.
            That it would destroy our lives...

                PADMÉ
            I think our lives are about to be
            destroyed anyway. My love for you
            is a puzzle, Annie, for which I
            have no answers. I can't control
            it... and now I don't care. I
            truly, deeply love you, and before
            we die I want you to know.

PADME leans toward ANAKIN. By straining hard, it is just possible for 
their lips to meet. They kiss.

                ANAKIN
            I have no desire to be cured of
            this love either. Long or short,
            I vow to spend the rest of my life
            with you.

They kiss again.

The DRIVER cracks his whip over the ORRAY harnessed between the shafts. The cart jerks forward. Suddenly, there isa HUGE ROAR and blinding sunlight as they emerge into the arena

INT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
The great stadium is packed with tier upon tier of yelling GEONOSIANS. The cart trundles to the center, where OBI-WAN is chained to one of four upright posts thatare three feet in diameter. The cart stops. PADME and ANAKIN are taken down, dragged to posts, and chained to them. PADME is in the center.

                OBI-WAN
            I was beginning to wonder if you
            had gotten my message.

                ANAKIN
            I retransmitted it as you
            requested, Master. Then we decided
            to come and rescue you.

                OBI-WAN
            It looks like you're going a good
            job so far.

Their arms are pulled high above their heads, and the cart drives away. There is another ROAR as POGGLE THE LESSER, COUNT DOOKU, NUTE GUNRAY, THE FETTS and DIGNITARIES arrive in the archducal box and take their places.

                SUN RIT
            The felons before you have been
            convicted of espionage against the
            Sovereign System of Geonosis.
            Their sentence of death is to be
            carried out in this public arena
            henceforth.

The crowd ROARS and CHEERS. In the box, POGGLE THE LESSER rises. The crowd becomes quiet.

                POGGLE
            Let the executions begin!

The crowd goes wild.

                ANAKIN
            I have a bad feeling about this.

From different gates around the arena, THREE MONSTERS are driven in. One is a REEK (bull-like), one is a NEXU (lion-like), and one is an ACKLAY (a kind of dino-lobster). They are driven in by PICADORS carrying long spears and riding ORRAYS. The PICADORS poke the MONSTERS toward the center, then retire to the perimeter.

The MONSTERS toss their heads, looking around, ROARING or SCREECHING. Then they catch sight of the THREE CAPTIVES and start moving toward them.

                OBI-WAN
            Take the one the left. I'll
            take the one on the right.

                ANAKIN
            What about Padme?

PADME has turned around and is pulling herself up by the chain to the top of the post. Within a moment, she is standing on top of it, trying to pull the chain free.

                OBI-WAN
            It looks like she's already on top
            of things.

The REEK charges ANAKIN. He jumps up, and the beast hits the post hard. ANAKIN lands onto its back, wrapping part of his chain around its horn. The REEK backs off, shaking its head angrily, which tears the chain from the post

OBI-WAN ducks around the post as the ACKLAY charges. It knocks the post flat, sending OBI-WAN sprawling. The ACKLAY crunches the post between its claws, freeing the chain. OBI-WAN leaps up and runs towards ONE of the PICADORS. The ACKLAY taks off after him.

The NEXU arrives at PADME'S post and rears on its hind legs. One top, PADME struggles to tear the chain free. The NEXU ROARS, displaying wicked, dripping fangs.

In the archducal box, NUTE GUNRAY beams and rubs his hands.

In the arena, OBI-WAN runs at the PICADOR. The ORRAY rears up. OBI-WAN grabs the PICADOR'S long spear and pole vaults over him. The chasing ACKLAY smashes into the ORRAY. It goes down. The PICADOR tumbles onto the sand, where he is grabbed by the ACKLAY and crunched.

ANAKIN's REEK starts to buck. It charges around the arena with ANAKIN hanging on for dear life. He whirls the free length of chain around his head and casts it into the REEK's mouth. Its jaws clamp hard on the chain. ANAKIN yanks hard on the chain, turning the REEK, beginning to ride it.

The NEXU's claws dig deep into the post. The cat-like creature reaches the top of the post and takes a swipe at PADME. She turns and the claw barely catches her shirt ripping it off, leaving superficial claw marks across her back. She hits the creature with her chain and it backs off down the pole. Then, PADME jumps off the post into the air. She swings around on the chain and whacks the beast hard on the head with both her feet. It tumbles back onto the sand.

In the archducal box:

                NUTE GUNRAY
            Foul!! She can't do that... shoot
            her or something!

In the arena, OBI-WAN runs out from behind the fallen ORRAY and throws the spear at the ACKLAY, hitting it in the neck. It lets out a terrible SCREECH and turns on him. The NEXU springs up and makes to leap up at PADME again. She finally manages to work the chain loose. ANAKIN comes charging up on the REEK.

                ANAKIN
            You okay?

                PADME
                (nods, gasping)
            Sure! Well, sort of.

                ANAKIN
            Jump!!!

The NEXU springs. PADME leaps from the top of the post to land on the REEK in front of ANAKIN. He hauls her upright. The REEK charges away, around the arena. The NEXU bounds after it. The REEK passes the wounded ACKLAY. The NEXU smells the blood and turns aside to attack the ACKLAY. The TWO MONSTERS fight. The crowd GROANS and BOOS.

In the archducal box, NUTE GUNRAY turns angrily to COUNT DOOKU.

                NUTE GUNRAY
            This isn't how it's supposed to
            be! Jango, finish her off.

COUNT DOOKU motions for the bounty hunter to ptay put. BOBA FETT is enjoying the spectacle.

                COUNT DOOKU
                (smiling enigmatically)
            Patiece, Viceroy... she will die.
            Maybe this is the way it's
            supposed to end.

OBI-WAN runs and jumps on the back of the REEK behind ANAKIN. Across the arena, the NEXU, having chewed up the ACKLAY, starts to advance toward them.

INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP - DAY
ARTOO BEEPS

                C-3PO
            Yes, it has been rather a long
            time. Do you suppose something's
            happened to them?

ARTOO BEEPS and WHISTLES.

                C-3PO
                (continuing)
            Danger? Oh no, I shouldn't think
            so. It looks a very dull planet
            to me. They should be back
            shortly. Just stop worrying, Artoo.

EXT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
In the archducal box, amid the uproar, COUNT DOOKU feels a tap on his shoulder. He turns to see MACE WINDU standing behind him. COUNT DOOKU masks his surprise elegantly as he surveys the arena and sees JEDI KNIGHTS standing at every entrance and exit.

                COUNT DOOKU
            Master Windu, how pleasant of you
            to join us. You're just in time
            for the moment of truth. I would
            think these two new boys of yours
            could use a little more training.

                MACE WINDU
            Sorry to disappoint you, Dooku.
            This party's over.

MACE WINDU signals, and at stategic places around the arena there are sudden flashes of light as about ONE HUNDRED JEDI switch on their lightsabers. The crowd is suddenly silent. COUNT DOOKU'S lips curl in slight amusement.

                COUNT DOOKU
                (to Mace Windu)
            Brave, but stupid, my old Jedi
            friend. You're impossibly
            outnumbered.

                MACE WINDU
            I don't think so. One Jedi has to
            be worth a hundred Geonosians.

COUNT DOOKU looks around the great theater. His smile grows.

                COUNT DOOKU
            It wasn't the Geonosians I was
            thinking about. How well do you
            think one Jedi will hold up
            against a thousand battle droids?

COUNT DOOKU signals. THOUSANDS OF DROIDS start to pour into all parts of the arena.

MACE WINDU draws his lightsaber, JANGO FETT draws his guns and fires at MACE WINDU, who deflects the shots. JANGO FETT and MACE WINDU jump into the arena, where they fight. BOBA FETT wacthes his Dad and the Jedi Master fight. The battle beginss. GEONOSIANS fly away everywhere. DROIDS fire at JEDI, who deflect the bolts and cult down the DROIDS. The GEONOSIAN TROOPS fire ray guns that are more difficult for the JEDI to deflect.

The REEK and the NEXU are spooked by the battle. The REEK bucks the riders off its back and stampedes around the arena, trampling DROIDS and JEDI that have moved into its path. PADME picks up a discarded pistol and joins the fight. SEVERAL JEDI run to the center of the arena and toss lightsabers to OBI-WAN and ANAKIN.

Among the crowd, JEDI cut down swaths of GEONOSIANS and DROIDS. On the sand, JEDI fight, attacking DROIDS. OBI0WAN and ANAKIN swing their lightsabers, cutting DROIDS in half. PADME blasts away at DROIDS and GEONOSIANS.

INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP
ARTOO whistles.

                C-3PO
            I don't hear anything.
                (Artoo beeps)
            You're scaring me! Stop imagining
            things!

EXT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
Among the tiers, JEDI are slowly being driven back. They have killed heaps of GEONOSIANS and have kncoked out piles of DROIDS, but sheer numbers are telling. Individual JEDI are being cut down or blasted/ The rest are retreating into the arena.

ANAKIN and PADME are back-to-back, fighting DROIDS and flying GEONOSIANS. MACE WINDU fights fiercely with JANGO FETT. Finally, the bounty hunter falls. His helmet goes flying, bouncing down the steps, tumbling and rolling, kicked here and there by random feet. The bounty hunter's body falls to the ground.

MACE WINDU runs to the center of the arena and fights back-to-back with OBI-WAN, as they swipe and mangle DROIDS.

                OBI-WAN
            Someone's got to - shut down -
            these droids.

                MACE WINDU
            Don't worry! It's being - taken
            care of!

EXT. GEONOSIS, FEDERATION STARSHIP - DAY
KI-ADI-MUNDI leads a raiding party of about TWENTY JEDI through the lines of parked Battle Starships. They cut a swath through masses of DROIDS until they arrive at the Command Starship. Some JEDI fall. The rest cut their way up the ramps and into the Command Ship.

INT. COMMAND FEDERATION STARSHIP, CORRIDORS - DAY
KI-ADI-MUNDI and teh surviving JEDI fight their way through the corridors of the Command Ship, deflecting laser bolts, slicing DROIDS.

INT. COMMAND FEDERATION STARSHIP, CONTROL BRIDGE - DAY
THEY burst onto the bridge and chop down the COMMAND DROIDS. The NEIMOIDIANS flee in all directions. KE-ADI-MUNDI leans over the control panel. He locates the illuminated master switch and punches down on it. It goes dark. Instantly, all the DROIDS on the Starship and all the DROIDS in the arena FREEZE!

There is a moment of stunned silence, then the JEDI CHEER. One the bridge, PLO KOON claps KI-ADI-MUNDI on the back.

                PLO KOON
            We've done it! Now we have a
            chance!

Suddenly, there is a harsh BEEPING SOUND. All the DROIDS on the Starship and all the DROIDS in the arena start fighting again! KI-ADI-MUNDI stares in disbelief and dismay.

                KI-ADI-MUNDI
            The system's off but they're still
            active. That's a new feature. They
            are independent of the control
            system.

EXT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
MACE WINDU, OBI-WAN, ANAKIN, PADME and an exhausted group of about TWENTY JEDI stand in the center of the arena surrounded by a ring of BATTLE DROIDS. The bloodied sand around them is strewn with the bodies of DEAD GEONOSIANS, SHATTERED DROIDS and JEDI.

At the foot of some steps, BOBA FETT finds his father's battered helmet. He picks it up.

KI-ADI-MUNDI and the SURVIVORS from the raiding party are herded into the arena by SUPERDROIDS. From the encircling tiers above, THOUSANDS OF BATTLE DROIDS level their weapons menacingly.

In the archducal box, COUNT DOOKU lifts his hand. The DROIDS lower their weapons. The COUNT calls out to the JEDI.

                COUNT DOOKU
            Master Windu!

Silence.

                COUNT DOOKU
                (continuing)
            You have fought gallantly. Worthy
            of recognition in the history
            archives of the Jedi Order. Now
            it is finished.
                (pauses briefly)
            Surrender - and your lives will be 
            spared.

                MACE WINDU
            We will not be hostages for you to
            barter with Dooku.

                COUNT DOOKU
            Then, I'm sorry, old friend. You
            will have to be destroyed.

The DROIDS raise their weapons. ANAKIN and PADME clasps hands tightly. COUNT DOOKU raises his hand to give the order to fire. PADME looks up suddenlt and whispers to ANAKIN.

                PADME
            Look!

Above, six Gunships are descending fast through the open area in the arena ceiling. They land in a cluster around the handful of JEDI. CLONE TROOPERS spill out and start firing at the DROIDS. There is a hellstorm of laserfire that bounces off the laser shields created by the Gunships. YODA appears at the door of one of the Gunships.

                YODA
            Come on - hurry! Hurry!

The SURVIVING JEDI dash to the Gunships and scramble in. MACE WINDU hangs on tight as the Gunship, firing all its weapons, rises out of the arena up and over the topmost rim.

EXT. GEONOSIS, TERRAIN OUTSIDE EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
The massed lines of parked Federation Starships and the DROIDS surrounding the arena, are themselves surrounded by thousands of Republic Starships, disgorging TENS OF THOUSANDS OF CLONE TROOPERS. Beyond, more Republic Starships are landing and spewing out troops.

INT. GUNSHIP NUMBER ONE - DAY
MACE WINDU stares at the incredible sight.

                YODA
            More battalions to the left.
            Encircle them we must, then
            divide.

The CLONE TROOPERS open fire with artillery. EXPLOSIONS wreck the parked Battle Starships. CLONE TROOPERS advance, firing at the massed DROIDS. FIGHTER DROIDS fly overhead, exchanging fire with the Gunships and JEDI fighters.

INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP - DAY
THREEPIO and ARTOO see flashes outside of the ship, exploding everywhere.

                C-3PO
            I'm sure I heard something, this
            time. Didn't you? It's probably
            just a celebration

ARTOO lets out an EXHAUSTED BLEEP.

EXT. BATTLEFIELD, GEONOSIS LANDSCAPE - DAY
Gunship #2 skims the battlefield, firing down, deflecting answering fire from the droids.

INT. GUNSHIP NUMBER TWO - DAY
OBI-WAN, ANAKIN and PADME are at the open sides of the Gunship. CLONES fire down at the DROIDS below.

The Gunship slows, circling over a droid gun-emplacement. It blasts it, but suddenly the Gunship is rocked by a near miss. It lurches violently.

                OBI-WAN
            Hold on! Look over there...

Through the other side of the Gunship, they see a Geonosian Speeder racing past. In the open cockpit is the unmistakable figure of COUNT DOOKU.

                ANAKIN
            It's Dooku, go after him!

The PILOT starts to comply, but... there is a HUGE BLASTS, the ship lurches on its side, and PADME tumbles out.

                ANAKIN
                (continuing)
            Padme!!!

ANAKIN stares down in horror as PADME hits thr ground below.

                ANAKIN
                (continuing; to pilot)
            Put the ship down! Down!

                OBI-WAN
            No! Forget her. We have to go
            after Dooku.

                ANAKIN
            No we're not!! Land this ship!

                OBI-WAN
            Don't let your personal feelings
            get in the way. We've got a job to
            do.

Below, PADME hauls herself to her feet and waves for them to go after DOOKU.

                ANAKIN
            I don't care!.. Go back.

                OBI-WAN
            Anakin! She's all right! Look.

ANAKIN stares out to see PADME rescued by CLONE TROOPERS.

                OBI-WAN
                (continuing)
            Follow that speeder!

On the ground, PADME looks up at Gunship #2 as it speeds away after Count Dooku. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN follow the speeder to a Geonosian tower. The speeder decsends rapidly; the Gunship follows.

Count Dooku's speeder parks outside the tower; the Gunship parks next to it. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN leap down and run inside the tower.

INT. GEONOSIS, SECRET HANGER TOWER - LATE DAY
COUNT DOOKU throws switches on a control panel. His Interstellar Sail Ship is guarded by a SQUAD OF SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. The doors of the exit-port slide open.

                DROID CAPTAIN
            Your Excellency!

COUNT DOOKU turns as OBI-WAN and ANAKIN run in through the hanger doors. They draw their lightsabers. The DROIDS raise their weapons.

                COUNT DOOKU
            That won't be necessary, Captain.
            Stand down. And leave them to me.

The DROIDS lower their weapons and back off to the walls. COUNT DOOKU looks at OBI-WAN and ANAKIN with slight amusement.

                OBI-WAN
                (to Anakin)
            We move in together - you slowly
            on the...

                ANAKIN
            I'm taking him now!

                OBI-WAN
            Anakin, no!

                ANAKIN
            You'll pay for all the Jedi you've
            killed today, Dooku.

ANAKIN charges across the open space at COUNT DOOKU, who smiles faintly, watching him come. ANAKIN raises his lightsaber. At the last moment, COUNT DOOKU thrusts out an arm, and ANAKIN is lifted up, hurled across the room, and slammed into the opposite wall. He slumps to the foot of the wall, semi-conscious. COUNT DOOKU moves toward OBI-WAN

                COUNT DOOKU
            Kenobi, isn't it? As you can see,
            my Jedi powers are far beyond
            yours. Now, back down.

                OBI-WAN
            I don't think so.

OBI-WAN lifts his lightsaber. COUNT DOOKU smiles.

                COUNT DOOKU
            Ah, but if I must.

COUNT DOOKU draws his lightsaber. He and OBI-WAN start to circle each other.

                COUNT DOOKU
                (continuing)
            I have spent the last ten years
            learning to use the power of the
            Dark Side. It gives me infinitely
            greater power.

                OBI-WAN
            You will have to prove it.

OBI-WAN comes in fast, swinging at COUNT DOOKU'S head. DOOKU parries the cut easily. As they fight, it quickly becomes clear that DOOKU is the complete swordsman - elegant, graceful, classical - a master of the old style.

                COUNT DOOKU
            Grand Master Kenobi, you
            disappoint me. Yoda holds you in
            such high esteem.

COUNT DOOKU parried another cut.

                COUNT DOOKU
                (continuing)
            Surely you can do better...?
                (parries)
            No, I'm surprised. Has Jedi
            swordsmanship degenerated so
            quickly, or are you trying to make
            fun of me?
                (cuts)
            Which is it?

COUNT DOOKU thrusts. OBI-WAN steps back quickly, panting for breath.

                COUNT DOOKU
                (continuing)
            come, come, Master Kenobi. Put me
            out of my misery.

OBI-WAN takes a deep breath, gets a fresh grip on his lightsaber and comes in again. For a moment, he drives COUNT DOOKU back. Then Dooku's superior skill begins to tell again, and he forces OBI-WAN to retreat.

COUNT DOOKU increases the tempo of his attack. OBI-WAN is pushed to the limit to defend himself. DOOKU presses. His lightsaber flashes.

OBI-WAN is wounded in the shoulder, then the thigh. He stumbles back against the wall, trips, and falls. His lightsaber goes skittering across the floor.

COUNT DOOKU raises his lightsaber. OBI-WAN looks up helplessly. Dooku's lightsaber flashes down and CLASHES against - Anakin's lightsaber! COUNT DOOKU and ANAKIN stare eyeball to eyeball.

                COUNT DOOKU
                (continuing)
            That's brave of you, boy - but
            foolish. I would have thought
            you'd have learnt your lesson.

                ANAKIN
            I'm a slow learner.

And ANAKIN charges at COUNT DOOKU. The force of his attack catches the Count slightly off balance. Anakin's lightsaber flashes. COUNT DOOKU draws back, putting a hand to his arm. He takes the hand away and looks at the smear of blood whee Anakin has nicked him.

                COUNT DOOKU
            You have unusual powers, young
            Padawan. But not enought to save
            you this time.

                ANAKIN
            Don't bet on it!

                OBI-WAN
            Anakin!

OBI-WAN uses the Force to catch his lightsaber and he tosses it to ANAKIN. With TWO LIGHTSABERS, ANAKIN attacks. COUNT DOOKU parries and ripostes. It is no contest. ANAKIN is driven back against the wall. He loses one lightsaber. Finally COUNT DOOKU, in one flashing move, sends Anakin's arm, cut at the elbow, flying still gripping his lightsaber. ANAKIN drops to the ground in agony. COUNT DOOKU draws himself up to deliver the coup de grace.

Suddenly, the great doors slide open. The DROIDS turn fast, raising their weapons. Through the thick smoke, emerges the heroic figure of YODA. He stops on the smoke-filled threashold, FOUR DROIDS lined up on either side of him, guns pointed.

Before the DROIDS can get off a shot, YODA raises his hand, and the DROIDS are flung against the far walls and crash to the floor in heaps of smoking metal.

Silence. COUNT DOOKU steps away from ANAKIN to face the Jedi Grand Master. His lightsaber whirls in a formal salute.

                COUNT DOOKU
            Master Yoda. At last we shall
            know who is the most powerful.

YODA draws a miniature lightsaber out of his cane. He salutes formally.

                YODA
            Count Dooku. No interest in
            contests, do I have.

COUNT DOOKU charges across the space at YODA. He rains down blows upon the tiny figure. YODA doesn't budge an inch. For the first part of the contest, he parries every cut and thrust that Dooku aims. Nothing the great swordsman tries gets through. His energy drains. His strokes become feebler, slower.

YODA attacks! He flies forward. COUNT DOOKU is forced to retreat. Wprds are insufficient to describe the range and skill of Yoda's speed and swordplay. His lightsaber his a humming blur of light.

Count Dooku's lightsaber is sent cartwheeling from his hand. He staggers back, gasping and spent, against the control panel. YODA jumps onto DOOKU'S shoulders, and is about to drive the lightsaber into the top of the Count's head.

                YODA
                (continuing)
            The end for you, Count, this is.

                COUNT DOOKU
            ...Not yet...

COUNT DOOKU raises his arms and knocks YODA off his shoulders and then, with all his might, he uses the Force to pull on one of the cranes in the hanger. It comes crashing down on OBI-WAN and ANAKIN. But in the blink of and eye, YODA is under the crane, holding it up, using the Force. YODA closes his eyes and concentrates.

ANAKIN is unconscious, and OBI0WAN tries toget out from under the crane. The fallen crane trembles and starts to life. Behind it, the sound of the Sail Ship's engines are heard starting up.

YODA concentrates harder. Slowly, the crane rises. The SOUND OF THE ENGINES increases. YODA exerts every scrap of his powers. The crane lifts clear of ANAKIN and is thrown to the ground. DOOKU'S Sail Ship takes off. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN struggle to the exhausted YODA, but it's too late. The Sail Ship rises into the air and flies away. PADMÉ and a CLONE CAPTAIN with about TEN TROOPERS appear in the doorway.

                PADMÉ
            Anakin!

PADMÉ runs too him and throws her arms around him. ANAKIN is barely able to stand up. The CLONE CAPTAIN marches up to YODA, stops, and salutes smartly.

                CLONE CAPTAIN
            Resistance is at an end, General.
            What are your orders ?

YODA looks at him and sighs.

EXT. CORUSCANT, OLD TOWN - DAWN
COUNT DOOKU'S Interstellar Sail Ship glides through a deserted, burned-out part of Coruscant. COUNT DOOKU manoeuvres the ship into one of the empty buildings and lands.

INT. CORUSCANT, SECRET LANDING PLATFORM - DAWN
The ramp lowers. COUNT DOOKU emerges and walks to where the hooded figure of DARTH SIDIOUS stands waiting. COUNT DOOKU bows.

                COUNT DOOKU
            The Force is with us, my Master.

                DARTH SIDIOUS
            Welcome home, Lord Tyranus. You have
            done well.

                COUNT DOOKU
            I bring you good news, my Lord.
            The war has begun.

                DARTH SIDIOUS
            Excellent. 
                 (smiling)
            Everything is going as planned.

EXT. CORUSCANT, JEDI TEMPLE - SUNSET
The beautiful temple basks in the red glow of the setting sun.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, COUNCIL CHAMBER - SUNSET

                MACE WINDU
            Where is your apprentice?

                OBI-WAN
            On his way back to Naboo. He is
            escorting Senator Amidala home.

They are standing, looking out through the tall windows at the great plaza below. YODA sits in his chair.

                OBI-WAN
                (continuing)
            I must admit without the clones,
            it would not have been a victory.

                YODA
            Victory? Victory, you say?

OBI-WAN turns and looks at the sad little Jedi sitting in the Council Chamber. Apart from KI-ADI-MUNDI and PLO KOON, who is wounded, the Chamber is empty.

                YODA
                (continuing)
            Not victory, a defeat, it was...
            Master Obi-Wan. Begun, the Clone
            War has!

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, GARDEN - LATE DAY
In a rose-covered arbor overlooking the sparkling late, ANAKIN and PADME stand before a NABOO HOLY MAN.

THREEPIO and ARTOO stand by, watching, as the HOLY MAN blesses the happy couple and, amid gently falling rose petals, ANAKIN and PADME kiss.

EXT. CORUSCANT, MILITARY STAGING AREA, BALCONY - LATE DAY
PALPATINE, JAR JAR, BAIL ORGANA and the OTHER SENATORS, with TWO ROYAL GUARDS, stand looking down at the square below.

TENS OF THOUSANDS OF CLONE TROOPS are drawn up in a strict formation or move forwards in near files to climb the ramps of the Military Assault Ships.

On the balcony, PALPATINE'S expression is deeply sad. Everyone watches comberly as, in the square, loaded Assault Ships take off. Other land immediately in their place. The sky above is thick with transports. CLONE TROOPS march and board the Ships.

The Great Clone War has begun...
1    EXT. NUMBER FOUR PRIVET DRIVE - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT         1

     The street slumbers, adrift in shadow. Then... a curious
     BEAM OF LIGHT BOBS beyond the second-story window of
     Number Four.




2    INT. HARRY'S ROOM - SAME TIME - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT         2

     A tent of blankets.   Within... the SHADOW of a BOY.   A

     WHISPER:


                              HARRY

                Lumos Maxima...
     The tent BLOOMS SOFTLY with light -- briefly illuminating
     a bedside PHOTOGRAPH (of James & Lily Potter) -- then
     goes dark.

                              HARRY

                Lumos Maxima...
     The blankets bloom once again when, down the hall, a
     TOILET FLUSHES. Instantly, the SHADOW stiffens, the
     blankets DIM, and the tent flattens. Just as...
     ... the bedroom door OPENS, revealing... UNCLE VERNON.
     He peers inside, eyes flashing suspiciously, then...
     withdraws.
     The tent rises.

                              HARRY

                Lumos Maxima...
     As the blankets blaze, we CUT INSIDE, find a SKINNY BOY
     with a crow's nest of black hair, thick glasses sitting
     crookedly atop his nose: HARRY POTTER. Open before him
     is Violeta Stitch's Extreme Incantations. Once again, he
     speaks:

                              HARRY

                Lumos... MAXIMA!




2A   EXT. NUMBER FOUR PRIVET DRIVE - SAME TIME - NIGHT           2A

     A BLINDING BLAST OF LIGHT FLASHES from the second story
     window of Number Four. DOGS BARK. And a TITLE CARD
     appears:

                             HARRY POTTER

                               and the
                        Prisoner of Azkaban




                                                            3.





2B     INT. HARRY'S ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT                      2B




       The light in the hallway SNAPS on, Harry's tent droops
       once more and, seconds later, Harry's door eases open.
       Uncle Vernon peers in and switches on the light. The
       room is utterly SILENT. Slowly, he closes the door.







3      OMITTED                                                    3

thru                                                              thru

5                                                                 5








6      INT. FOUR PRIVET DRIVE - STAIRWAY/FRONT HALL - DAY         6




       The DOORBELL CHIMES and a shrill VOICE THUNDERS:

                                AUNT PETUNIA (O.S.)

                          Harry!
                 Harry!
       Harry bounds down the stairs and into the front hall,
       where his AUNT PETUNIA and cousin DUDLEY stand stiffly.
       Petunia flicks a bit of fluff from Dudley's sweater,
       glowers crossly at Harry, and jerks her head toward the
       door.

                                AUNT PETUNIA

                 Well, go on.   Open it.
       Harry reaches for the knob when -- BLAM! -- it BURSTS
       OPEN, revealing a LARGE, WADDLING WOMAN (AUNT MARGE) and
       a LARGE WADDLING BULLDOG (RIPPER). Uncle Vernon lurches
       forward out of the teeming RAIN, an ENORMOUS SUITCASE in
       hand, and drops it on Harry.

                                AUNT PETUNIA

                 Marge!   Welcome! How was the
                 train?

                                AUNT MARGE

                 Wretched.   Ripper got sick.

                                AUNT PETUNIA

                 Ah.   How... unfortunate.

                               AUNT MARGE

                 I would've left him with the
                 others, but he pines so when I'm
                 away. Don't you, darling?
       Aunt Marge puckers her lips at Ripper and leads him down
       the hallway. Harry follows with Uncle Vernon.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              4.





6   CONTINUED:                                                     6





                                 HARRY

                 Uncle Vernon.    I need you to sign
                 this form.




                                 UNCLE VERNON

                 What is it?

                                 HARRY

                 Nothing.    Something for school...
    Uncle Vernon eyes the PARCHMENT in Harry's hand
    suspiciously.

                                 UNCLE VERNON

                 Later perhaps.    If you behave.

                               HARRY

                 I will if she does.

                                 AUNT MARGE

                           (turning, eyeing Harry)
                 So.    Still here, are you?

                                 HARRY

                 Yes.

                               AUNT MARGE

                 Don't say 'yes' in that ungrateful
                 tone. Damn good of my brother to
                 keep you, if you ask me.
                         (to Vernon, Petunia)
                 It'd have been straight to an
                 orphanage if he'd been dumped on
                 my doorstep.
    Just then Dudley -- sitting comatose before the TV --
    emits a HOLLOW, BRAIN-DEAD CHUCKLE.

                               AUNT MARGE

                 Is that my Dudders! Hm? Is that
                 my neffy poo? Come and say hello
                 to your Auntie Marge.
    Marge flashes a thick FAN of POUND NOTES. Dudley blinks,
    waddles forward, and extends his plump palm obediently.
    Harry looks on, then sees Ripper snuffling about his
    ankle.




7   INT. FOUR PRIVET DRIVE - DINING ROOM - DUSK                    7

    As Harry clears the dishes, Uncle Vernon brings out a
    bottle of brandy.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                             5.





7   CONTINUED:                                                    7





                               UNCLE VERNON

                 Can I tempt you, Marge?

                               AUNT MARGE

                 Just a small one. A bit more... a
                 bit more... That's the boy.
                         (taking a
                          sloppy sip)
                 Aah. Excellent nosh, Petunia.
                 It's normally just a fry-up for
                 me, what with twelve dogs.
    She smacks her lips, lowers her brandy, and lets Ripper
    take a slobbery lap out of the glass... then catches
    Harry looking.

                               AUNT MARGE

                 What are you smirking at! Where
                 is it that you send him, Vernon?

                               UNCLE VERNON

                 St. Brutus's. It's a first-rate
                 institution for hopeless cases.
    Hearing this, Harry frowns, glances at Uncle Vernon, who
    glares darkly at him.

                               AUNT MARGE

                 I see. And do they use the cane
                 at St. Brutus's, boy?

                               HARRY

                         (sarcastically)
                 Oh, yes. I've been beaten loads
                 of times.

                               AUNT MARGE

                 Excellent. I won't have this
                 namby-pamby wishy-washy nonsense
                 about not hitting people who
                 deserve it.
                         (another sip)
                 Still. Mustn't blame yourself for
                 how this one's turned out, Vernon.
                 It all comes down to blood. Bad
                 blood will out. What is it the
                 boy's father did, Petunia?

                               AUNT PETUNIA

                         (agitated)
                 Nothing. That is... he didn't
                 work. He was -- unemployed.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                          6.





7   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             7





                              AUNT MARGE

                 Of course. And a drunk,
                 I expect --




                                 HARRY

                 That's a lie.
    Aunt Marge pauses on her wine, eyes narrowing on Harry.

                               AUNT MARGE

                 What did you say?

                               HARRY

                 My dad wasn't a drunk.
    POP!   The GLASS in Aunt Marge's hand EXPLODES.

                               AUNT PETUNIA

                 Oh my goodness! Marge!

                               AUNT MARGE

                 Not to worry, Petunia. I have a
                 very firm grip.
    Harry stares at the shattered glass in surprise.

                                 UNCLE VERNON

                 You go to bed.    Now.

                               AUNT MARGE

                 Quiet, Vernon. It doesn't matter
                 about the father. In the end it
                 comes down to the mother. You see
                 it all the time with dogs. If
                 there's something wrong with the
                 bitch, there'll be something wrong
                 with the pup...

                                HARRY

                 Shut up!   Shut up!
    Aunt Marge starts to    reply, when -- ZING! -- a BUTTON on
    her dress sails into    the air. SEAMS GROAN. THREAD
    SNAPS. Aunt Marge's     eyes WIDEN. Her cheeks BILLOW. Her
    whole body BILLOWS.     And she begins to INFLATE like a

    MONSTROUS BALLOON.


                                 UNCLE VERNON


                 MARGE!

    As she rises, Uncle Vernon leaps for her. RIPPER GROWLS,
    fixes his teeth to his trousers. Harry frightened by
    what he's done, watches Aunt Marge BOUNCE GENTLY across
    the ceiling and into the CONSERVATORY.




                                                            7.





7A   EXT. BACK YARD - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DUSK                   7A




     The others race outside. As Aunt Marge begins to float
     away, Uncle Vernon grips her hands.

                              UNCLE VERNON

               Don't worry!   I've got you...
     Slowly... to his horror... Uncle Vernon himself begins to
     RISE. Aunt Marge looks fearfully into his eyes...

                              AUNT MARGE

               Vernon.   Don't you dare --
     But he does. He lets go. Falls to his knees.     And
     watches Aunt Marge float away.




8    INT. HARRY'S ROOM - DUSK (SECONDS LATER)                    8

     Harry crashes inside, takes his TRUNK, then puts his heel
     to a LOOSE FLOORBOARD and removes his WAND from its
     hiding place. Turning, he grabs the PHOTOGRAPH of his
     parents.







9    INT. HALLWAY - DUSK (SECONDS LATER)                         9

     BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Harry tows the TRUNK down the
     stairs... finds Uncle Vernon waiting for him.

                             UNCLE VERNON


               YOU BRING HER BACK! YOU BRING HER


               BACK AND PUT HER RIGHT!


                             HARRY

               No! She deserved what she got!
               And you... you keep away from me.
     Uncle Vernon eyes Harry's wand nervously, then grins with
     knowing cruelty.

                             UNCLE VERNON

               You're not allowed to do magic out
               of school. They won't have you
               now. You've got nowhere to go.
     Harry realizes it's true.   Briefly falters.   Then:

                             HARRY

               Anywhere's better than here.




9A   EXT. NUMBER FOUR PRIVET DRIVE - DUSK (SECONDS LATER)        9A

     As Harry storms out with his trunk, we DOLLY TO the
     street WITH him. High in the sky, a plump DOT rises.
     Aunt Marge.




                                                         8.





10   EXT. MAGNOLIA CRESCENT - NIGHT (LATER)                    10




     Harry walks and walks and walks, then... stops. Glances
     about. An empty PLAYGROUND. SWINGS CREAKING gently on
     rusted chains. A tiny CAROUSEL, kissed gently by the
     wind, turning slowly.



     Harry drops the trunk. Sits. Deep in the night, an
     ALARM SHRIEKS, goes SILENT. Harry, still as a statue.
     Listening. In the trees above, LEAVES TREMBLE. The WIND
     gathers.
     Harry turns, studies the swaying swings, the carousel.
     Then, he... stiffens. Turns back. Sensing something in
     the shadows across the street, he rises. Slowly draws
     his wand.
     Then he sees... it. Something BIG. Darker than the
     shadows which conceal it. Something with WIDE, GLEAMING

     EYES.

     Harry steps back. Afraid to look. Afraid not to. Wand
     outstretched... he TRIPS, tumbles over the forgotten
     trunk. The tip of his wand BLAZES.
     BANG!   TWIN BEAMS of BLINDING LIGHT spear the night.

                             HARRY

               Aaaah!
     GIANT WHEELS bear down. Harry rolls clear -- just as a
     PREPOSTEROUSLY PURPLE, TRIPLE-DECKER BUS SCREECHES to a
     halt. GOLD LETTERS glimmer above the windscreen: The
     Knight Bus.
     DOORS HISS. Snap back. REVEAL STAN SHUNPIKE, an 18-
     year-old boy in a WRINKLED CONDUCTOR'S UNIFORM. Pasty
     face. Raccoon eyes. Stan looks like he hasn't seen the
     sun in years.

                             STAN SHUNPIKE

                       (wearily, drearily)
               Welcome to the Knight Bus.
               Emergency transport for the
               stranded witch or wizard. My name
               is Stan Shunpike, and I will be
               your conductor this evening.
                       (peering at Harry)
               Wha' choo doin' down there?

                             HARRY

               Fell over.

                             STAN SHUNPIKE

               Wha' choo fall over for?

                                                 (CONTINUED)





                                                              9.





10   CONTINUED:                                                    10





                                HARRY

                  I didn't do it on purpose.
     Stan eyes Harry suspiciously, nods slowly.




                                STAN SHUNPIKE

                  Well, come on then. Let's not
                  wait for the grass to grow.
     As Stan grabs Harry's trunk, Harry peers into the shadows
     across the street -- now simply shadows -- and climbs
     aboard.




11   INT. THE KNIGHT BUS - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                   11

     No seats. Only BEDS. The BRASS frames need a shine, the
     lines a wash. In one bed, a DISHEVELED WIZARD GRUNTS,
     turns over in his sleep.

                                DISHEVELED WIZARD

                  Not now... I'm pickling slugs...
     Behind the wheel, ERNIE, an UNSHAVEN WIZARD in THICK
     GLASSES, stares straight ahead, armpits stained with
     sweat. A SHRUNKEN HEAD dangles from the rearview mirror,
     MUTTERING incessantly through the STITCHES that lace its
     mouth.

                                STAN SHUNPIKE

                  Take 'er away, Ern.

                                SHRUNKEN HEAD

                  Yeah, take it away!
     BANG! Ernie rockets away and the beds -- as one -- slide
     six inches to the rear. Harry drops onto the bed
     nearest, peers up at the CHANDELIER SWAYING directly
     above his head. Beyond the windscreen ONCOMING TRAFFIC
     WHIPS past in a blur.

                                STAN SHUNPIKE

                  Wot you say your name was again?

                               HARRY

                  I didn't.
     Stan, huddled in an armchair, peeks over The Daily
     Prophet, eyes Harry coolly, before disappearing once
     more. Harry brushes the fringe of his hair over his
     scar, watches an AMBULANCE -- SIREN WAILING -- careen
     past.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                             10.





11   CONTINUED:                                                      11





                                STAN SHUNPIKE

                  Whereabouts you headin'?
     Harry hesitates.     He hadn't thought about this.   Decides.




                                HARRY

                  The Leaky Cauldron.   That's in
                  London --

                                STAN SHUNPIKE

                  Is it now? Get that, Ern? The
                  Leaky Cauldron. That's in London.
     Stan grins with sinister delight, showing BAD TEETH.

                                SHRUNKEN HEAD

                  Leaky Cauldron! Stay away from
                  the pea soup!
     As the Shrunken Head CACKLES with delight, Harry peers
     out the windscreen, watches London careering by.

                                HARRY

                  Isn't this a bit... dangerous?

                                STAN SHUNPIKE

                  Naah. Haven't had an accident
                  in -- what? -- a week is it, Ern?

                                SHRUNKEN HEAD

                  Heads up! Little old lady at
                  twelve o'clock!
     Sure enough, directly ahead, a LITTLE OLD LADY is
     crossing the street. Ernie HITS the BRAKES HARD and
     Harry flies forward, palms to the window. The brakes
     pinch down, the bus stops inches from the old lady, and
     Harry flies back onto his bed. BANG! The bus rockets
     forward once more.
     As Harry rights himself, he notices the HEADLINE of
     Stan's Daily Prophet: ESCAPE FROM AZKABAN! Below, a
     sunken-faced MAN with long, matted hair glowers from a

     MOVING PHOTOGRAPH.


                                 HARRY

                  Who is that?   That man.

                                STAN SHUNPIKE

                  Who is that? That's Sirius Black,
                  that is. Don' tell me you ne'er
                  been hearin' o' Sirius Black?

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              11.





11   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              11




     Harry shakes his head, still staring at the man's face.

                                STAN SHUNPIKE

                  A murderer, he is. Got 'imself
                  locked up in Azkaban for it.

                                HARRY

                  How'd he escape?

                                STAN SHUNPIKE

                  Tha's the question, isn't it?
                  He's the firs' that's done it.
                  Gives me the collywobbles thinking
                  he's out there, though, I'll tell
                  you that. Big supporter of You-
                  Know-'Oo, Black was. Reckon you
                  heard o' him.
     Harry nods and, as he does, Black's eyes shift.       Meet
     Harry's.

                                 HARRY

                  Yeah.   Him I've heard of.
     Just then, a pair of DOUBLE-DECKER BUSES sweep directly
     toward the Knight Bus. Before can scream, the entire
     Knight Bus SQUEEZES DOWN and shoots the gap between the
     two onrushing buses. The Shrunken Head winces.

                                  SHRUNKEN HEAD

                  Hate that.

                                  HARRY

                  This bus.    Don't the Muggles ever...

                                STAN SHUNPIKE

                  Them! Don' listen properly, do
                  they? Don' look properly either.
                  Never notice nuffink, they don'.
     Just then, a COUPLE walking a DOG are engulfed by a RUSH
     of WIND as the (invisible) Knight Bus WHOOSHES past. The
     couple glances about in bewilderment. The DOG YAPS
     madly.

                                  SHRUNKEN HEAD

                  Turn!   Turn!
     Ernie fans the wheel, sending the Knight Bus into a
     dizzying 360-degree turn. HEADLIGHTS pinwheel past the
     windows as the bus rides up on two wheels and Harry is
     sent flying once more. Grabbing fast to the center POLE,
     he pirouettes through the air when Ernie... SLAMS on the

     BRAKES.





                                                           12.





12    EXT. CHARING CROSS ROAD/LEAKY CAULDRON - NIGHT              12




      The Knight Bus fishtails INTO VIEW and SQUEALS to a stop,
      centimeters from a PARKED CAR. WHOOSH! The bus settles
      and -- TINK! -- taps the bumper. Instantly, the car's
      ALARM wails.







12A   INT. THE KNIGHT BUS - SAME TIME - NIGHT                     12A

      The chandelier sways drunkenly as the bus doors open.
      The steps GROAN with heavy feet and a FIGURE appears:
      TOM, Innkeeper of the Leaky Cauldron pub.

                              TOM

                Mr. Potter... at last.







12B   EXT. LEAKY CAULDRON - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                 12B

      As the Knight Bus rockets off, Tom and Harry are
      revealed, Harry glances up, reads the SIGN above: THE
      LEAKY CAULDRON. Tom drags Harry's trunk inside, then
      pauses and, with a FLICK of his wand, silences the car
      alarm.




13    INT. LEAKY CAULDRON - BAR/HALLWAY - NIGHT (MOMENTS          13


      LATER)

      Harry trails Tom through the quiet room. The BARTENDER
      glances up, his gaze lingering perhaps a bit too long. A
      solitary WIZARD reads a book while, at his elbow, his
      COFFEE CUP STIRS ITSELF. Tom leads Harry upstairs.




14    INT. LEAKY CAULDRON - BACK ROOM - NIGHT                     14

      As Harry follows Tom inside, he finds a SNOW WHITE OWL
      (HEDWIG) perched atop a chair.

                              HARRY

                Hedwig!

                              TOM

                Right smart bird you've got there,
                Mr. Potter. Arrived only minutes
                before yourself.
      A MAN CLEARS his throat. Harry turns, finds a PINSTRIPED
      SILHOUETTE (CORNELIUS FUDGE) at the window, staring at
      the ghostly shadows beyond. Harry's reflection shivers
      in the glass, but the man doesn't turn. Tom takes a
      position against the wall, fishes a pair of WALNUTS from
      his pocket and -- CRACK -- crushes the shells between his
      palms.

                                                 (CONTINUED)





                                                              13.





14   CONTINUED:                                                     14





                                CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  I should tell you, Mr. Potter,
                  earlier this evening your uncle's
                  sister was located just south of
                  Sheffield, circling a chimney
                  stack. The Accidental Magic
                  Reversal Department was dispatched
                  and she's been properly punctured
                  and
                  her memory modified. She has no
                  recollection of the incident
                  whatsoever.
     Harry waits.     A man condemned.   Then Fudge turns.

                                CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  So that's that, and no harm done.
                          (smiling)
                  Pea soup?
     Harry glances warily from the steaming TUREEN of GREEN to
     Tom, who works a grimy thumb into his gum, frees a walnut
     sliver.

                                HARRY

                  No thank you. Minister... I don't
                  understand. I broke the law.
                  Underage wizards aren't allowed to
                  use magic at home --

                                 CORNELIUS FUDGE

                          (dishing up a bowl)
                  Oh, come now, Harry. The Ministry
                  doesn't send people to Azkaban for
                  blowing up their aunts! On the
                  other hand... running away like
                  that... given the state of
                  things... very, very
                  irresponsible.

                                HARRY

                  'The state of things' sir?

                                CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  We have a killer on the loose.

                                HARRY

                  Sirius Black, you mean. But...
                  what's that got to do with me?
     CRACK! Tom SHATTERS another WALNUT.       Fudge smiles
     nervously.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              14.





14   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              14





                                CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  Hm? Oh, nothing. You're safe,
                  that's what matters. Tomorrow
                  you'll be on your way to Hogwarts.
                  These are your new schoolbooks.
                  I took the liberty of having them
                  brought here for you.
     Harry eyes the STACK of BOOKS.       One is bound by a ROPE.

                                CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  By the way, Harry. Whilst you're
                  here it would be best if you
                  didn't... wander.




15   OMITTED                                                        15








16   EXT. LEAKY CAULDRON - ROOM ELEVEN - MORNING                    16

     THROUGH the window: the rooftops of London. A TRAIN
     PASSES and CAMERA PULLS BACK, REVEALS Harry, standing
     with Hedwig. He turns, eyes his schoolbooks. He studies
     the GROWLING TOME -- The Monster Book of Monsters -- then
     gives the rope a tug. Instantly...
     ... the book LEAPS to the floor, pages flying, bookcovers
     SNAPPING. Harry gives chase, then the book turns, begins
     NIPPING viciously at his shoes. Harry vaults atop the
     bed, watches the book disappear underneath, then grabs a

     PILLOW.

     Seconds later, the book scuttles into view and Harry
     POUNCES -- FLUMPH! The BOOK ROARS angrily, muffled
     beneath the pillow. Harry takes the ROPE, prepares to
     rebind it.




17   INT. LEAKY CAULDRON - HALLWAY/ROOM ELEVEN - MORNING            17

     A YOUNG WITCH in maid's robes pushes a cart down the
     hall. Harry exits his room as the witch KNOCKS on a
     door.

                                  YOUNG WITCH

                  Housekeeping.
     As she opens the door, she's greeted by a THUNDEROUS ROAR
     and a RUSH of WIND.

                                YOUNG WITCH

                          (unperturbed)
                  I'll come back later.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                                15.





17     CONTINUED:                                                     17




       Something SMALL and FAST dashes by Harry's feet.
       Looking, he spies a rather ragged-looking RAT (SCABBERS),
       pursued by a decidedly UGLY ORANGE CAT (CROOKSHANKS).







18     OMITTED                                                        18

thru                                                                  thru

22                                                                    22








23     INT. LEAKY CAULDRON - STAIRWAY - MORNING (MOMENTS              23


       LATER)




       As Harry moves down the stairs, VOICES come from below.

                                  RON (O.S.)

                    I'm warning you, Hermione! Keep
                    that bloody beast of yours away
                    from Scabbers or I'll turn it into
                    a tea cozy.

                                  HERMIONE (O.S.)

                    He's a cat, Ronald! What do you
                    expect? It's in his nature.
       As Harry reaches bottom, he finds RON WEASLEY
       protectively cradling Scabbers, while HERMIONE GRANDER
       does her best to restrain a HISSING Crookshanks.

                                  RON

                    A cat! Is that what they told
                    you? Looks more like a pig with
                    hair if you ask me.

                                  HERMIONE

                    That's rich coming from the owner
                    of that smelly old shoe brush.
                            (cooing to the cat)
                    It's all right, Crookshanks. You
                    just ignore the mean little boy...
       Then, sensing another presence in the room, both turn.

                                  HERMIONE/RON

                    Harry.

                                                      CUT TO:


       CLOSEUP - A DOG-EARED CLIPPING

       from The Daily Prophet.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                               16.





23    CONTINUED:                                                         23





      A HEADLINE SCREAMS: "GRAND PRIZE WINNER VISITS EGYPT!"

      In the accompanying PHOTO, the entire WEASLEY FAMILY
      stands before the GREAT PYRAMIDS, waving. Smack in the
      middle is Ron, Scabbers perched on his shoulder.







23A   INT. LEAKY CAULDRON - MORNING (MOMENTS LATER)                      23A

      As Ron smoothes the dog-eared clipping onto the table,
      Harry studies it. Hermione ignores it, stroking
      Crookshanks.

                                  HARRY

                   Egypt!   What's it like?

                                RON

                   Brilliant. It's got loads of old
                   stuff. Mummies. Death masks.
                   Tombs --

                                 HERMIONE

                   You know, the ancient Egyptians of
                   the Nile River delta worshipped
                   the cat goddess Bast.
      Ron glares stonily at Hermione, then turns back to Harry.

                                 RON

                   I also got a new wand.
      Just then, a COMMOTION is HEARD. The Weasleys -- PERCY,
      FRED, GEORGE, GINNY, ARTHUR, and MOLLY -- arrive en
      masse, laden with purchases from Diagon Alley.

                                 GEORGE

                   Not flashing that clipping about
                   again, are you, Ron?

                                 RON

                   I haven't shown anyone!

                                 FRED

                   No, not a soul. Unless you count
                   Tom. The day maid. The night
                   maid. The cook. The bloke that
                   came to fix the toilet. That
                   wizard from Belgium...
      Mrs. Weasley takes Harry's face in her hands, smiles.         As
      if relieved to see him.

                                 MRS. WEASLEY

                   It's good to see you, Harry.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                              17.





23A   CONTINUED:                                                    23A





                                 HARRY

                   Good to see you too, Mrs. Weasley.

                                  ARTHUR WEASLEY

                   Harry.   I wonder if I might have a
                   word.

                                 HARRY

                   Of course, Mr. Weasley.
      As Mr. Weasley pulls Harry away, the others continue to
      hover over the clipping in the b.g.

                                 FRED

                   George's nose looks positively
                   massive in that photograph.

                                 GINNY

                   That's your nose, Fred.

                                 FRED

                   Bloody hell. 'Tis, isn't it?
                   Take after your side of the
                   family, don't I, Mum?
      Harry notices Mr. Weasley glance edgily at a FUGITIVE
      POSTER tacked to the wall. In it, SIRIUS BLACK glowers
      under the words, "Have You Seen This Man?"

                                 ARTHUR WEASLEY

                   Harry. There are some within the
                   Ministry who would strongly
                   discourage me from divulging what
                   I'm about to tell you. But I
                   think you need to know the facts.
                   Because you're in danger. Grave
                   danger.
      Harry's eyes drift to the fugitive poster.

                                 HARRY

                   Has this anything to do with him,
                   sir?

                                 ARTHUR WEASLEY

                   What do you know of Sirius Black,
                   Harry?

                                 HARRY

                   That he escaped from Azkaban.
                   That he killed someone...

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                               18.





23A   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              23A





                                  ARTHUR WEASLEY

                   Harry, thirteen years ago, when
                   you stopped...



      Mr.   Weasley hesitates, unable to continue.

                                   HARRY

                   Voldemort...?

                                 ARTHUR WEASLEY

                           (nodding nervously)
                   Black lost everything. But he
                   remains a loyal servant to this
                   day. In his mind, only you stand
                   in the way of...
      Once again, Mr. Weasley hesitates.

                                   HARRY

                   Voldemort...?

                                 ARTHUR WEASLEY

                   Harry, I hate it when you say --

                                   HARRY

                   I know, sorry.    Ron hates it too.

                                 ARTHUR WEASLEY

                   In Black's mind, only you stand in
                   the way of... You-Know-Who
                   returning to power. That's why
                   he's broken. That's why he's
                   broken out of Azkaban. To find
                   you. And...
      Mr. Weasley hesitates yet again.

                                   HARRY

                   Kill me?
      Mr. Weasley nods.       Nervously.

                                 ARTHUR WEASLEY

                   Harry. I want you to swear
                   that -- whatever you might hear --
                   you won't go looking for Black.

                                 HARRY

                   Mr. Weasley, why would I go looking
                   for someone who wants to kill me?
      Mr. Weasley nods, then claps Harry on the shoulder.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                                  19.





23A   CONTINUED:    (3)                                                 23A





                                 ARTHUR WEASLEY

                   Just watch yourself, will you,
                   Harry?







24    OMITTED                                                           24


&                                                                       &


25                                                                      25








26    EXT. PLATFORM NINE AND THREE QUARTERS - MORNING                   26

      As the HOGWARTS EXPRESS BLEATS ITS HORN, we CRANE OVER
      the milling horde of students. Parents hurry their
      children onboard, tiny siblings wave goodbyes... and Mr.
      Weasley dashes through the throng and up to an open train
      window.

                                 MRS. WEASLEY

                   Ron!
      She hands Scabbers through the open window to him.




27    INT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - TRAIN CAR - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)           27

      The aisle teems with students. Harry, Ron and Hermione
      work their way down the aisle, looking for an empty
      compartment.

                                 HARRY

                   I didn't mean to blow her up.     I
                   just...
                           (troubled by
                            the memory)
                   ... lost control.

                                 RON

                   Brilliant!

                                 HERMIONE

                   Honestly, Ron, it's not funny.
                   Harry's lucky he wasn't expelled.

                                 RON

                   I still think it was brilliant.
      SNAP! SNAP! SNAP! A copy of the The Monster Book of
      Monsters SCUTTLES CRAB-LIKE down the aisle, pursued by

      NEVILLE LONGBOTTOM.


                                  NEVILLE

                   Hi, Harry.   Ron. Hermione.

                                                         (CONTINUED)





                                                                20.





27   CONTINUED:                                                       27





                                 HARRY/HERMIONE/RON

                  Hi, Neville.
     As he bumps past, Hermione nods to a compartment.




                                 HERMIONE

                  C'mon.   We're in here.




28   INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAY                 28

     As they slip inside, they find a MAN in SHABBY ROBES
     (PROFESSOR LUPIN) slumped against the window, asleep. He
     looks ill, exhausted. The trio eye him warily. WHISPER.

                                RON

                  Who d'you reckon he is?

                                HERMIONE

                  Professor R.J. Lupin.

                                RON

                  You know everything. How is it
                  she knows everything?

                                HERMIONE

                  It's on his case.
     She points. Stamped in peeling letters on a BATTERED
     CASE is "Professor R.J. Lupin."

                                HARRY

                  Is he really asleep?

                                 HERMIONE

                  Seems to be.   Why? What is it,
                  Harry?

                                HARRY

                  Close the door.
     Hermione and Ron exchange a curious glance, then Ron
     rises, slides the door shut, OVER CAMERA, and we --

                                                      CUT TO:








29   EXT. HOGWARTS EXPRESS - LATE DAY (LATER)                         29

     Storm clouds, like dark ghosts, toss SHEETS of RAIN onto
     the scarlet engine as it heads north.




                                                           21.





30   INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT - LATE DAY                           30




     Ron and Hermione stare at Harry, faces stricken in the
     lantern light that now glows in the compartment.
     Crookshanks slumbers in his CAGE.




                              RON

                Let me get this straight. Sirius
                Black escaped from Azkaban to come
                after you?

                              HARRY

                Yes.

                              HERMIONE

                But they'll catch Black, won't
                they? I mean... eventually?

                              RON

                Sure -- Of course, no one's ever
                broken out of Azkaban before and
                he's a raving, murderous
                lunatic...
     Just then, the COMPARTMENT RATTLES. Lanterns flicker.
     The train LURCHES, begins to SLOW. Hermione slides down
     the seat, pinning Ron against the window. They exchange
     an awkward glance, then Hermione carefully slides to the
     other end of the seat and glances at her WATCH. Frowns.

                              HERMIONE

                Why're we stopping? We can't be
                there yet...
     Harry rises, slides open the door, peers into the
     corridor.
     HARRY'S POV -- All along the carriage, HEADS look out
     curiously. Then -- the train JERKS -- the car SWAYS --
     and the LAMPS running along the ceiling FLICKER and...




31   EXT. TRAIN - SAME TIME - DUSK                               31

     ... die.   One by one.   Until all is...







32   INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT - SAME TIME - DUSK                   32

     Dark.

                              RON

                What's going on?

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                                22.





32   CONTINUED:                                                         32




     A thin WISP of STEAM escapes Ron's mouth.         Harry notices.

                                HARRY

                  Dunno... Maybe we've broken down?




                                  HERMIONE

                  Ouch!    Ron, that was my foot!
     SQUEAK-SQUEAK-SQUEAK. Ron, a dark silhouette against the
     window, wipes a patch of condensation from the window.

                                 RON

                  There's something moving out
                  there. I think... people are
                  coming aboard.
     Suddenly the CAR SWAYS violently... rights itself. The
     METAL WINDOW TRIM at Ron's fingertips begins to VIBRATE.

                                   RON

                  Bloody hell.     What's happening?
     SSSSST! A soft CRACKLING fills the car and FLAMES
     bloom... in the hands of R.J. Lupin. In the SHIVERING
     LIGHT, his face looks tired and gray, but his eyes are
     alert. Wary.

                                   PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Don't.   Move.
     A HAND -- slimy and scabbed -- a hand of death -- GRIPS
     the half-open compartment door, pushes it aside.
     REVEALS: a TOWERING, CLOAKED FIGURE, its face hidden
     beneath its black hood. CROOKSHANKS' hair rises and as
     she HISSES...
     WHOOSHHHHH. The folds of the hood TREMBLE. A CHILL,
     RATTLING INTAKE OF AIR is heard. The FLAMES in Lupin's
     hands SPUTTER. A SOUND SWELLS in Harry's ears. Eerie.
     Painful. The sound of a WOMAN SCREAMING. Harry's eyes
     roll up, eyelids fluttering.
     And then... a SILVERY WHITE LIGHT drifts from his mouth.
     The world spins off its axis and Harry falls... glasses
     tumbling hard to the ground... then Harry... the muscles
     of his jaw twitching. THUNDER CRACKS. LIGHTNING paints
     the ICY windows...

     WHITE.


     BLACK.


     WHITE.


                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                              23.





32   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              32





     BLACK...

     With a DESPERATE GASP, Harry opens his eyes. Blinks.
     DUSK IS GONE. The windows BLACK. The floor at his spine
     is SHAKING GENTLY. The train moving again. His eyes
     shift, see a DROP OF WATER, newly unfrozen, running
     slowly down the window.

                                  HERMIONE

                  Harry?    Harry, are you all right?
     Hermione's troubled face hovers above him. He nods.
     Sits up. Ron -- pale, nervous -- extends his hand.
     Harry's glasses.

                                 HARRY

                  Thanks.
     Harry slips them on. Discovers the cold sweat glazing
     his brow. SNAP! Professor Lupin breaks a ragged
     triangle of CHOCOLATE off the SLAB in his hands. Holds
     it out.

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Chocolate.    Eat. It'll help.

                                HARRY

                  What was that -- that thing?

                               PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  A Dementor. One of the guards of
                  Azkaban. It's gone now.
     Harry frowns in confusion.

                                HERMIONE

                  It was searching the train, Harry.
                  For Sirius Black.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  I need to have a word with the
                  driver. Excuse me.
                          (the chocolate)
                  Eat. It'll help.
     As he leaves, Harry turns to Ron and Hermione.

                                HARRY

                  What happened to me?

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                               24.





32   CONTINUED:    (3)                                               32





                                RON

                  Well, you sort of went... rigid.
                  We thought maybe you were having a
                  fit or something.




                                HARRY

                  And did either of you?   You
                  know... pass out?

                                RON

                  No. I felt... weird. Like I'd
                  never be cheerful again. But...
                  no.
     Harry turns to Hermione.     She shakes her head.

                                HERMIONE

                  I was trembling. Cold. But
                  then... Professor Lupin made it go
                  away...

                                HARRY

                  But someone was screaming.     A
                  woman.
     Hermione and Ron glance nervously at each other.

                                HERMIONE

                  No one was screaming, Harry.
     Harry looks to the window and we PUSH IN ON his
     REFLECTION. It becomes a GLIMMERING PUDDLE and...




33   OMITTED                                                         33








34   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - NIGHT                                    34

     SPLASH!... a CARRIAGE WHEEL shatters the glassy surface
     as we TILT UP, catch a procession of HORSELESS CARRIAGES,
     carrying students toward the glimmering castle.
     Gradually, the sweet sound of a CHOIR rises on the air, a
     FLASH of LIGHTNING bleaches the night sky and we --

                                                     CUT TO:





35   EXT./INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT (LATER)                            35

     ... the CAMERA as it GLIDES TOWARD the windows of the
     Great Hall, TOWARD the CANDLELIT SILHOUETTES glimmering
     within, PASSING THROUGH the glass.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                            25.





35   CONTINUED:                                                   35




     At the High Table, Lupin sits with SEVERUS SNAPE, MINERVA
     McGONAGALL, RUBEUS HAGRID and ALBUS DUMBLEDORE. We TRACK
     ALONG the FACES of the choir, singing to the strains of a
     HARPSICHORD, and LAND ON a QUINTET OF TOADS (one of
     which -- TREVOR -- belongs to NEVILLE LONGBOTTOM, who
     looks on with pride).
     ARGUS FILCH, Hogwarts' caretaker, stands grimly to the
     side as red-eyed MRS. NORRIS switches her tail at his
     feet. As the choir's song concludes, DUMBLEDORE rises,
     beaming over the sea of black hats.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  Welcome! Welcome to another year
                  at Hogwarts! I have a few things
                  to say, before we become befuddled
                  by our excellent feast. I myself
                  am particularly looking forward to
                  the flaming kiwi cups, which,
                  while somewhat treacherous for
                  those of us with facial hair...
     McGONAGALL clears her throat.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  Mm. Yes. First, I'm pleased to
                  welcome Professor R.J. Lupin, who
                  has kindly consented to fill the
                  post of Defense Against the Dark
                  Arts. Good luck to you,
                  Professor.
     Amid SCATTERED APPLAUSE, Harry, Ron, Hermione CLAP

     LOUDLY.


                                HERMIONE

                  Of course! That's why he knew to
                  give you the chocolate, Harry.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                  As some of you may know, Professor
                  Kettleburn, our Care of Magical
                  Creatures teacher for many years,
                  has decided to retire in order to
                  spend more time with his remaining
                  limbs. Fortunately, I'm delighted
                  to announce that his place will be
                  filled by none other than our own
                  Rubeus Hagrid!

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                           26.





35   CONTINUED:    (2)                                           35




     Harry, Ron, and Hermione stare at each other --
     stunned -- then APPLAUD vigorously. Hagrid turns ruby
     red, rises, and nearly topples the staff table, sending
     water goblets weaving.




                                DUMBLEDORE

                          (turning grave)
                  Finally, on a more disquieting
                  note, Hogwarts -- at the request
                  of the Ministry of Magic -- will,
                  until further notice, play host to
                  the Dementors of Azkaban.
     A MURMUR of apprehension fills the hall. At the
     Slytherin table, DRACO MALFOY, flanked by the ever-
     present CRABBE and GOYLE, catches Harry's eye, feigns
     a dead faint.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  The Dementors will be stationed at
                  the entrances to the grounds. While
                  they are under strict orders not to
                  enter the castle itself, you will on
                  occasion see them as you go about
                  your daily activities. Under no
                  circumstances are you to approach
                  them. It is not in the nature of
                  a Dementor to be forgiving.




36   INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT (LATER)                          36

     Students exit the Great Hall, scale the Marble Staircase.







37   INT. MARBLE STAIRCASE/SEVENTH FLOOR - NIGHT                 37

     Harry, Ron and Hermione arrive at the seventh floor
     landing and approach the FAT LADY in the portrait.

                                HARRY

                  Fortuna Major.




38   INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - NIGHT                         38

     The Gryffindors trail through the common room, the girls
     heading one way, boys the other.




39   INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT (LATER)                        39

     While those around him sleep, Harry takes the PHOTOGRAPH
     of his parents, sets it next to his bed, then glances
     around in quiet contentment.

                                                (CONTINUED)





                                                             27.





39    CONTINUED:                                                   39





                                 RON

                   Good to be home, eh, Harry?
      Harry turns -- caught -- and finds Ron studying him from
      his own bed, Scabbers cradled in his hand. Harry nods
      and turns to the window..




39A   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - SAME TIME - NIGHT                     39A

      The Dementors drift to their positions outside the
      grounds.







39B   INT. TOWER DORMITORY - SAME TIME - NIGHT                     39B

      Harry continues to stare.

                                HARRY

                   Yeah...
      As his breath CLOUDS THE GLASS, we gradually...

                                                 FADE OUT.





      FADE IN:


40    EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - GROUNDS - MORNING                     40

      As BRIDGE and CASTLE glimmer in the distance, Hagrid
      emerges from the Forbidden Forest, dragging a fistful of
      dead FERRETS by the tail. A BIRD appears, circles his
      head playfully, CHIRP-CHIRP-CHIRPING merrily before it...
      ... flutters off, pin-wheeling past flowers, into a
      BIRDBATH, finally coming to rest upon...
      ... an ANCIENT TREE. It TWITTERS cheerfully, singing its
      lovely song, when -- THWOCK! -- a branch punts the bird
      into the air. As feathers fly, the WHOMPING WILLOW
      resumes its shape.




41    OMITTED                                                      41





42    INT. DIVINATION CLASSROOM - MORNING                          42

      Harry, Ron and Hermione sit on fat little pouffes in a
      murky, incense-laden room, along with Neville, Dean,
      Seamus, LAVENDER BROWN, PARVATI PATIL and others.

                                                  (CONTINUED)





                                                              28.





42   CONTINUED:                                                     42





                                 PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY (O.S.)

                  Welcome, my children. In this
                  room, you shall explore the
                  mysterious art of Divination. In
                  this room, you shall discover if
                  you possess...
     A crimson scrim FLUTTERS and SYBIL TRELAWNEY, Divination
     Professor, glides dramatically INTO VIEW, eyes huge and
     bug-like behind enormous glasses.

                                PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                  ... the Sight. Hello. I am
                  Professor Trelawney. Together, we
                  shall cast ourselves into the
                  future. But know this. One
                  either has the Gift or not. It
                  cannot be divined from the pages
                  of a book. Books only cloud one's
                  Inner Eye.

                                HERMIONE (O.S.)

                          (under her breath)
                  What rubbish.
     Ron spins.     Frowns at Hermione.

                                RON

                  Where'd you come from?

                                 HERMIONE

                  Me?   I've been here all along.

                                PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                          (spinning on Neville)
                  You, boy! Is your grandmother
                  well?

                                NEVILLE

                  I... I think so.

                                PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                  I wouldn't be so sure of that.
                          (continuing)
                  The first term will be devoted to
                  the reading of tea leaves. If all
                  goes well, we will proceed to
                  palmistry, fire omens, and
                  finally... the crystal ball.
                          (eyeing Parvati)
                  By the way, dear, beware a red-
                  haired man.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              29.





42   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              42




     Parvati eyes Ron dubiously.     Edges her pouffe away.

                                PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                  Unfortunately, classes will be
                  disrupted in February by a nasty
                  bout of flu. I myself will lose
                  my voice. And in late spring, one
                  of our number will... leave us
                  forever.
     As the class exchanges uneasy glances, Trelawney smiles
     brightly.

                                 PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                  Well then.   Shall we?

                                                    CUT TO:





     TEACUP - DETAIL - LATER

     Inside, a CLOUD of TEA LEAVES mutates oddly. Harry,
     sitting opposite Ron now, frowns at the leaves, consults
     the SYMBOLS in the textbook (Unfogging the Future) at his
     elbow. Trelawney walks amongst them, robes flowing.

                                PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                  Broaden your minds, my dears. And
                  allow your eyes to see... beyond.
     Trelawney takes Lavender Brown's cup, peers inside.

                                PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                  A five-leaf clover... You can
                  expect to wake with a horrible
                  rash tomorrow morning, dear.
                          (then, casually)
                  Mr. Longbottom, after you've
                  broken your first cup...
     CA-CHINK! Neville fumbles the cup in his hands and the
     brittle CRASH of CHINA is heard.

                                PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                  ... would you be so kind as to
                  select one of the blue ones? I'm
                  rather partial to the pink.
                          (pausing by Ron)
                  What do you see in Mr. Potter's
                  cup, Mr. Weasley?

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              30.





42   CONTINUED:    (3)                                                42





                                RON

                  Well. He's got a wonky sort of
                  cross -- that's trials and
                  suffering. But this lot here
                  could be the sun -- that's great
                  happiness. So... he's going to
                  suffer but be very happy about it.
     Professor Trelawney takes the cup, peers inside, and

     GASPS.


                                  PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                  Ahhh!

                                PARVATI

                  What is it, Professor?
     Trelawney regards Harry with a mixture of pity and fear.

                                PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                  My dear boy... You have the Grim.

                                 SEAMUS

                  The Grin?   What's the Grin?

                                PARVATI

                                              The Grim.
                  Not the grin, you idiot.

                                DEAN THOMAS

                  But what does it mean, Professor?

                                  LAVENDER

                  'The Grim...'
     All turn, see Lavender bent over her textbook.

                                LAVENDER

                  'Taking the form of a giant
                  spectral dog, it is among the
                  darkest omens in our world. It is
                  an omen... of death.'
     Harry peers into his cup. The tea leaves shift.        The dog
     disappears. And a new image emerges slowly...
     Sirius Black.




43   EXT. CASTLE/BRIDGE/WHOMPING WILLOW/HAGRID'S HUT - DAY            43

     The trio emerge from the BRIDGE and make their way toward
     Hagrid's hut. The Whomping Willow looms in the distance.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                             31.





43    CONTINUED:                                                   43





                                 HERMIONE

                   Death omens. Honestly. If you
                   ask me, Divination's a very wooly
                   discipline. Now Ancient Runes.
                   That's a fascinating subject.

                                 RON

                   Ancient Runes? Exactly how many
                   classes are you taking this term?

                                 HERMIONE

                   A fair few.

                                 RON

                   Hang on. Ancient Runes is the
                   same time as Divination. You'd
                   have to be in two classes at once.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Don't be silly. How could anyone
                   be in two classes at once?
                           (mimicking Trelawney)
                   Broaden your minds...




43A   EXT. HAGRID'S HUT - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                      43A

      STUDENTS gather around Hagrid as Harry, Ron and Hermione
      arrive. Draco, Crabbe, and Goyle stand with the
      Slytherins.

                                 HAGRID

                   C'mon now, get a move on! Got a
                   real treat for yeh. Great lesson
                   comin' up. Follow me.







44    EXT. PADDOCK - HAGRID'S HUT - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)            44

      Hagrid leads them toward a small paddock just this side
      of the Forbidden Forest. In the paddock, a freestanding
      IRON RACK hangs with DEAD FERRETS, BUZZING with FLIES.
      Nearby is a PUMPKIN PATCH.

                                 HAGRID

                   Gather 'round. Find yerself a spot.
                   That's it. Now, firs' thing yeh'll
                   want ter do is open yer books --

                                 DRACO

                   And exactly how do we do that?

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                            32.





44   CONTINUED:                                                   44




     Hagrid looks. Belts, rope, Spellotape: any means
     available have been employed to bridle The Monster Book
     of Monsters, which QUIVER VIOLENTLY.




                                HAGRID

                  Crikey. Didn' yeh know? All yeh've
                  got ter do is stroke 'em. Look --
     Hagrid takes Hermione's copy, SNAPS the Spellotape
     binding it. As it begins to BITE, Hagrid calmly runs a
     forefinger down the book's spine and it... SHIVERS.
     Falls quietly open.
     Hagrid glances at the class, looking suddenly unsure.

                                HAGRID

                  Righ' then. So... so... yeh've
                  got yer books, an' now yeh need
                  the Magical Creatures. Right.
                  So... I'll... I'll go an' get 'em.
     Hagrid turns, disappears into the trees. Draco shakes
     his head, SPEAKS LOUDLY to Crabbe and Goyle.

                                DRACO

                  God, this place is going to the
                  dogs. Wait until my father hears
                  Dumbledore's got this oaf teaching
                  classes.

                                HARRY

                  Listen, you stupid prat --
     Eyes WIDENING in fear, Malfoy steps back, points.

                                DRACO

                  Potter, there's a Dementor behind
                  you.
     Harry JUMPS, wheels in fear, finds... nothing. Instantly,
     the SLYTHERINS make an eerie OOH... and OOH sound, then
     break up laughing. Harry reddens, embarrassed, then...
     A STRANGE BEAST (BUCKBEAK) emerges from the trees. It
     has the torso, hind legs, and tail of a horse, but the
     front legs, wings and head of a giant eagle. The
     students step back in fear, then Hagrid appears, shooing
     the beast on.

                                 HAGRID

                  Gee up, there!
                          (grinning)
                  Beau'iful, isn' he?

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                             33.





44   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             44




     There seems no consensus on this, but the students stare
     in wary wonder nonetheless. As Hagrid coaxes the beast
     to the center of the paddock, Ron stares uneasily.




                                 RON

                  Hagrid.   Exactly what is that?

                                HAGRID

                  A Hippogriff, o' course. Now,
                  firs' thing yeh gotta know is
                  they're proud. Easily offended,
                  Hippogriffs are. Don't never
                  insult one, 'cause it migh' be
                  the las' thing yeh do. Right
                  then -- who wants ter come an'
                  say hello?
     The entire class STEPS BACK, leaving Harry in front.

                                HAGRID

                  Good man, Harry!
     Harry looks around, then -- reluctantly -- approaches.

                                HAGRID

                  Tha's it. Easy now... stop! This
                  here's Buckbeak, Harry. Yeh want
                  ter let 'im make the firs' move.
                  It's polite, see? Jus' take step
                  forward, give 'im a bow, and if
                  Buckbeak bows back, yeh're allowed
                  ter touch him. Ready?
     Unsure, Harry nods anyway. Steps forward. And... bows.
     Buckbeak's head cocks, eagle eyes studying Harry cannily.
     Harry waits. And waits...

                                HAGRID

                  Back off, Harry! Back off!
     Harry starts to step back, when... Buckbeak ducks his
     beak. Hagrid sighs, relieved.

                                HAGRID

                  Well done, Harry! Go on.   Give
                  'im a pat.
     Tentatively, Harry reaches out, lays his hand on
     Buckbeak's fierce beak. The class CLAPS. Harry
     smiles.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                             34.





44   CONTINUED:    (3)                                             44





                                HAGRID

                  Look at that! I reckon he migh'
                  let yeh ride 'im!




                                HARRY

                          (smile drooping)
                  Excuse me?

                                HAGRID

                  We'll jus' set yeh behind the
                  wing joint. Mind yeh don' pull
                  any feathers out. He won' like
                  that.
     Hagrid lifts Harry high, drops him onto Buckbeak's
     back, and before Harry's settled, SLAPS Buckbeak's
     hindquarters.

                                HAGRID

                  Off yeh go!
     As Buckbeak GALLOPS FORWARD, Harry slides scarily back,
     giant WINGS unfold, huge and powerful, and -- WHOOSH! --
     they SOAR into the air. Rising higher. And higher.
     And higher.
     Gradually, Harry loosens his hold on Buckbeak's neck.
     Losing himself in the joy of flying. Smiling at the
     sight of his and Buckbeak's SHADOW racing across the
     grass below. Circling over the Whomping Willow, past
     Hogwarts castle, and then SWOOPING, with heart-stopping
     speed, over the Black Lake, Buckbeak's talons tickling
     the smooth glass of the water, summoning the GIANT SQUID
     to the surface briefly. Hagrid WHISTLES then, and
     Buckbeak wheels, beating his way back to the paddock,
     galloping to a halt. As Harry slides off, the class
     CHEERS -- all except Draco, who narrows his eyes
     maliciously.

                                HAGRID

                  Good work, Harry!
                          (under his breath)
                  How'm I doin' me firs' day?

                                HARRY

                  Brilliant... Professor.
     They both grin, when Draco pushes past them roughly,
     strides toward Buckbeak.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                                35.





44   CONTINUED:    (4)                                                44





                                DRACO

                  Give me a go at that thing. If
                  Potter can do it, it must be
                  easy. You're not dangerous at
                  all, are you, you great ugly
                  brute --

                                   HAGRID

                  Malfoy!    No!
     In a flash, Buckbeak's steely talons SLASH DOWN. Malfoy
     freezes. Looks down at the BLOOD BLOSSOMING on his
     robes. SHRIEKS. Instantly, Harry dashes forward.
     Buckbeak WHIPS AROUND, raises its talons and -- seeing
     Harry -- lowers them. Ducks its beak. Harry...
     realizing what he's done... breathes.

                                DRACO

                  It's killed me! It's killed
                  me!

                                   HAGRID

                  Calm yerself!     Yer fine... jus'
                  a scratch...
     Hagrid looks:       a DEEP GASH glistens on Draco's limp
     arm.

                                 HERMIONE

                  Hagrid. He's got to be taken to
                  a hospital. I'll go with you,
                  if you like --

                                HAGRID

                  No. I'm the teacher. You all...
                  you all just... Class dismissed!
     And with that, Hagrid -- looking shaken -- swoops up
     Malfoy, flops him over his shoulder, and lumbers
     toward the castle.




45   INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT                                          45

     As Lavender and Parvati huddle over a DOZEN TEACUPS,
     Avidly interpreting patterns in HUSHED VOICES, Draco,
     arm bound in a SLING, holds court before a clot of
     Slytherins.

                                PANSY

                  Does it hurt terribly, Draco?

                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                             36.





45   CONTINUED:                                                    45





                                DRACO

                          (a tad theatrical)
                  It comes and goes. Still... I
                  consider myself lucky. According
                  to Madam Pomfrey, another minute
                  or two... and I could've lost the
                  arm.
     Harry, Ron and Hermione watch from the Gryffindor table.

                                RON

                  The little git. He's really
                  laying it on thick, isn't he?

                                HARRY

                  At least Hagrid didn't get sacked.

                                HERMIONE

                  Yes. But I hear Draco's father's
                  furious. I don't think we've
                  heard the end of this...

                                SEAMUS

                  He's been sighted!
     They turn. Seamus and the other Gryffindors are huddled
     over a copy of The Daily Prophet.

                                RON

                  Who?
     But the PHOTOGRAPH on the Prophet's front page provides a
     chilling answer: Sirius Black. Hermione reads over the
     shoulders of others. WHISPERS half to herself:

                                 HERMIONE

                  Achintee?   That's not far from
                  here...

                                NEVILLE

                  You don't think he'd come to
                  Hogwarts, do you?

                                LAVENDER

                  With the Dementors at every
                  entrance?

                                LAVENDAR

                  Dementors? He's already slipped
                  by them once, hasn't he? Who's
                  to say he can't do it again?

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                            37.





45   CONTINUED:    (2)                                            45




     As a flicker of fear passes through Harry's face, BEM,
     a Nigerian boy, stares grimly at the grainy image of
     Black.




                                BEM

                  That's right. Black could be
                  anywhere. It's like trying to
                  catch smoke. Like trying to
                  catch smoke with your bare
                  hands.




46   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - MORNING                               46

     Beautiful flowers gleam in the dawn light, then, slowly
     begin to WITHER. The dew FREEZES, the grass grows
     brittle. Seconds later, the Dementors sweep by.







47   OMITTED                                                      47


&                                                                 &


48                                                                48





49   INT. LUPIN'S CLASSROOM - MORNING                             49

     A tall WARDROBE RATTLES VIOLENTLY as Harry, Ron and
     several classmates regard it warily.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Intriguing, yes? Would anyone
                  like to venture a guess as to
                  what's inside?

                                SEAMUS

                          (in a hushed voice)
                  That's a Boggart, that is.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Very good, Mr. Finnigan. Can
                  anyone tell us what a Boggart
                  looks like?

                                  HERMIONE

                  No one knows.
     Ron JUMPS, glances at Hermione, then WHISPERS to Harry.

                                RON

                  When'd she get here?

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                              38.





49   CONTINUED:                                                       49





                                HERMIONE

                  Boggarts are shape-shifters.
                  They take the shape of whatever
                  a particular person fears most.
                  That's what makes it so --

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Terrifying, yes. Luckily, a very
                  simple charm exists to repel a
                  Boggart. Let's practice it now,
                  shall we? Without wands,
                  please... Riddikulus!

                                STUDENTS

                  Riddikulus!

                                DRACO

                          (muttering softly)
                  It's this class that's ridiculous.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Good. So much for the easy part.
                  You see, the incantation alone
                  is not enough. What really
                  finishes a Boggart off is...
                  laughter. You need to force it
                  to assume a shape you find truly
                  amusing. Neville, come up here,
                  will you?
     Neville eyes the rattling wardrobe, steps forward
     queasily.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  What would you say is the thing
                  that frightens you most?

                                NEVILLE

                  Profter... Snafpt...

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Didn't catch that, Neville, sorry.

                                NEVILLE

                  Professor Snape.
     Everyone LAUGHS good-naturedly.       Lupin nods thoughtfully.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Hmmm... yes. Neville, I believe
                  you live with your grandmother?

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                            39.





49   CONTINUED:    (2)                                            49





                                NEVILLE

                  Yes, but I don't want the Boggart
                  to turn into her either.




                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  It won't. But I want you to
                  picture her clothes, only her
                  clothes, very clearly in your
                  mind. Can you do that?

                                NEVILLE

                          (closing his eyes)
                  She carries a red handbag...

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  That's fine. We don't need to
                  hear it. If you see it, we will.
                  Now, when I open this wardrobe,
                  Neville, here's what I want you to
                  do...
     Lupin leans close to Neville, WHISPERS. Neville's eyes
     POP OPEN in shock. Consider Lupin uncertainly.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  You can do this, Neville.
     Neville nods nervously, takes a deep breath.

                               PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Right then. Wand at the ready.
                  One. Two. Three!
     SPARKS jet from Lupin's wand, strike the doorknob, and
     the wardrobe BURSTS OPEN. Instantly, Snape appears, eyes
     flashing hideously as he stalks forward. Neville backs
     away in fright.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Think, Neville. Think!

                                NEVILLE

                  R-r-riddikulus!
     CRACK! Snape stumbles in a FLASH OF LIGHT and
     reappears... in a LONG, LACE-TRIMMED DRESS, TOWERING
     MOTH-EATEN HAT, and CRIMSON HANDBAG. Instantly, the
     class ROARS (except for Draco and his fellow Slytherins).
     Neville blinks, amazed, then slowly, grins himself.
     Lupin drops the needle on an OLD GRAMAPHONE. As a
     SCRATCHY RHUMBA fills the room, he points to Ron.

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                             40.





49   CONTINUED:    (3)                                             49





                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Ron!    Forward!
     Snape DISSOLVES into a mad whirling mass, then mutates
     into a... GIANT SPIDER. As Ron GASPS, Harry and Hermione
     exchange an uncertain glance. Lupin puts his hands on
     Ron's shoulders to steady him. Ron raises his wand.

                                  RON

                  Riddikulus!
     CRACK! ROLLER SKATES materialize on the spider's hairy
     feet and it begins to shuffle crazily in place.
     Instantly, Ron relaxes as the class' LAUGHTER rings out.

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Parvati!
     As Parvati steps up, the spider SPINS faster and faster,
     a DIZZYING BLUR, then reappears as a VAMPIRE.

                                  PARVATI

                  Riddikulus!
     As the vampire WHIPS its cloak across its eyes, we CUT
     BEHIND... so our POV is of the students. SWISH! The
     cloak reopens, the class LAUGHS, and we REVERSE again...
     see that the vampire is now dressed like CARMEN MIRANDA.
     As it begins to SHIMMY about -- against its will -- the
     class starts to CLAP.

                             PROFESSOR LUPIN

     Mr. Thomas!
     As Dean steps up, the vampire's undulating body
     attenuates, its skin darkening with diamond-thatched
     SCALES becoming... a GIANT COBRA.

                                  DEAN THOMAS

                  Riddikulus!
     The cobra's hooded head BOBS back and forth, transforms
     into a JACK-IN-THE-BOX. Lupin grins and...

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Next!
     ... turns, sees Harry step forward expectantly. Concern
     flickers through Lupin's face. The Jack-In-The-Box
     pivots on its spring, its face tumbling toward Harry,
     becoming more sinister, transforming into a...

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                            41.





49   CONTINUED:    (4)                                            49




     ... Dementor. Suddenly the MUSIC FADES. Harry starts to
     raise his wand, then... freezes, transfixed. The
     Dementor looms closer and closer, when...



     ... Lupin steps between, snaps his wand.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Here!
     CRACK! -- the Dementor vanishes and a ROILING MIST
     appears, which becomes CLOUDS. Something glows within
     the clouds, white, silvery and round...

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Riddikulus!
     POP! The orb deflates like a punctured balloon, WHIZZES
     crazily about the room, then darts back into the
     wardrobe. The door SLAMS SHUT and the CLASS CHEERS.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Well done, everyone. I think
                  that's enough excitement for today.
     As the students exit, chattering loudly, only Harry,
     subdued, remains behind. At the doorway, Lupin glances
     back, exchanges a private glance with him. As he exits,
     the WARDROBE gives one last RATTLE.




50   EXT. CLOCK TOWER COURTYARD - MORNING (TWO WEEKS LATER)       50

     A great buzzing queue of STUDENTS -- Third Years and
     older -- each clutching a PERMISSION FORM -- pass by a
     glowering Filch.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Remember! These visits to
                  Hogsmeade Village are a privilege.
                  Should your behavior reflect
                  poorly on the school in any way,
                  that privilege shall not be
                  extended again.
     Harry approaches her, but before he can utter a syllable:
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  No permission form. No visiting
                  the Village. That's the rule,
                  Potter.

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                                42.





50     CONTINUED:                                                     50





                                  HARRY

                    Yes, Professor, but I thought if
                    you said I could go --
                                   PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                    But I don't say so. A parent or
                    guardian must sign, and since I am
                    neither, it would be
                    inappropriate.
                            (a flicker of pity)
                    I'm sorry, Potter. But that's my
                    final word.
       Ron and Hermione -- watching Harry expectantly from
       across the way -- see him turn, shake his head. Their
       faces fall. Harry raises his hand in farewell. Watches
       them go.

                                   PROFESSOR LUPIN (O.S.)

                    So.   No Hogsmeade, eh ?




51     OMITTED                                                        51

thru                                                                  thru

54                                                                    54








55     EXT. BRIDGE (HOGWARTS GROUNDS) - MORNING (MOMENTS              55


       LATER)

       Deep in the distance, some BOYS skate about on brooms,
       tossing a RAGGED QUAFFLE back and forth. CAMERA TILTS.
       FINDS Harry and Lupin walking along the bridge.

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                    Well, don't feel too bad. I was
                    roundly disappointed the first
                    time I went.

                                  HARRY

                    Really?

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                    No. I was just trying to make you
                    feel better. Honeydukes' sweets
                    are the best in the world. Their
                    Pepper Imps are so strong you
                    smoke at the ears. And Zonko's
                    Joke Shop may be dangerous, but
                    you can't beat their Stink
                    Pellets.

                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                              43.





55   CONTINUED:                                                     55





                                HARRY

                          (nodding glumly)
                  Not to mention The Shrieking
                  Shack, which, according to
                  Hermione, is the most severely
                  haunted building in Britain.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Yes, that too...

                                HARRY

                  Professor, can I ask you
                  something?

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  You'd like to know why I stopped
                  you from facing the Boggart.
                          (off Harry's surprise)
                  I should think it'd be obvious. I
                  assumed the Boggart would take the
                  shape of Lord Voldemort.
     Harry frowns.     Lupin studies him curiously.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  But clearly... I was wrong.

                                HARRY

                  I did think of Voldemort first.
                  But then, I remembered that night
                  on the train... and the
                  Dementors...

                                 (CONTINUED)


                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Well, well. I'm impressed. That
                  suggests that what you fear most
                  of all is... fear. Very wise.

                                HARRY

                  Before I fainted... I heard
                  something. A woman. Screaming.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Dementors force us to relive the
                  worst memories of our lives. Our
                  pain becomes their power.

                                HARRY

                  I think it was my mother.   The
                  night she was murdered.
     Harry looks up.     Finds Lupin studying him.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                            44.





55   CONTINUED:    (2)                                            55





                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  The first time I saw you, Harry, I
                  recognized you immediately. Not
                  by your scar. By your eyes.
                  They're your mother Lily's.
                          (nodding)
                  Yes. I knew her. She was there
                  for me at a time when no one else
                  was. We used to talk for hours.
                  She was not only a singularly
                  gifted witch but an uncommonly
                  kind woman. She had a way of
                  seeing the beauty in whoever she
                  met, even -- and perhaps most
                  especially -- when that person
                  couldn't see it in themselves...
     Lupin's eyes glaze in memory, then he blinks, smiles.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Which perhaps explains her
                  affection for your father. James
                  had, shall we say, a certain
                  talent for trouble. A gift, rumor
                  has it, he passed on to you.
     Lupin turns, eyes Harry affectionately.     Harry smiles
     vaguely.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  I could tell you stories -- and
                  there are many about your parents,
                  Harry -- but know this...
                          (eyeing Harry intensely)
                  They lived. Every moment of every
                  day. You should know that.
                  That's how they'd want to be
                  remembered.




56   INT. GREAT HALL - EVENING (LATER)                            56

     The Hall buzzes with tales of Hogsmeade, as students swap
     stories, sample sweets, and send SOAP BUBBLES of all
     shapes, sizes and colors into the air. A MARIONETTE of a
     HARLEQUIN cavorts atop the Gryffindor table, moving its
     limbs in response to the STRANDS of LIGHT that extend
     from Neville's fingertips. Seamus passes his hand
     through the light beams and -- FLUMPH! -- the Harlequin
     collapses.

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                              45.





56   CONTINUED:                                                     56





                                HERMIONE

                  And the post office! It's about
                  200 owls, all sitting on color-
                  coded shelves, depending on how
                  fast you want your letter to go!

                                RON

                  And Honeyduke's is brilliant!
                  Sugar Quills, Flaming Whizbees --
                  and blood-flavored lollipops for
                  Halloween!
     Harry nods, picking quietly through the spray of
     brilliantly colored sweets on the table. Hermione
     notices.

                                HERMIONE

                  But, I mean, after awhile, it got
                  a bit boring. Don't you think,
                  Ron?

                                RON

                  Huh? Oh. Yeah. Dead depressing.
                  Hang on. I almost forgot. I got
                  you something wicked at Dervish
                  and Banges. It's a Pocket
                  Sneakoscope.
     Ron places a SMALL GLASS SPINNING TOP on the table.

                                RON

                  If there's someone untrustworthy
                  around, it's meant to light up
                  and spin. Mind you, Fred and
                  George say it's rubbish, sold for
                  wizard tourists, but I thought,
                  you know, it can't
                  hurt, given that...

                                HARRY

                  Sirius Black's trying to kill me.
     Harry looks up, GRINS at the two of them.

                                HARRY

                  I'm glad you had a good time.
                  Really. And thanks for this.
                          (eyeing the Sneakoscope)
                  Rubbish or not, you're right. It
                  can't hurt.
     With that, Harry pops a PEPPER IMP into his mouth.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              46.





56   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              56





                                RON

                  Oh, careful of those, they'll make
                  your...



     On cue, SMOKE CURLS from Harry's ears and nose.

                                 RON

                  Never mind.




57   INT. MOVING STAIRCASE/SEVENTH FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT           57


     (LATER)

     As Harry, Ron, and Hermione climb the stairs, they find a
     crowd gathering on the Seventh Floor landing.

                                RON

                  What's the hold-up? Only Neville
                  ever forgets the password.

                                PERCY

                          (pushing past)
                  Let me through, please. Excuse
                  me, thank you, I'm Head Boy...
                          (stopping dead)
                  Back! All of you! No one is to
                  enter this dormitory until it has
                  been fully searched!
     Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchange dark glances, when...
     Ginny emerges from the crowd, her face ashen.

                                GINNY

                  The Fat Lady... she's gone.

                                RON

                  Probably stuffing her face with
                  the apples in that still life on
                  the second floor again.

                                  GINNY

                  No.    You don't understand --
     Hermione GASPS. GRABS Harry's arm. He looks. SEES:
     The Fat Lady's portrait has been SLASHED VICIOUSLY, great
     strips of canvas hanging from the frame. Just then,
     Dumbledore appears.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  Mr. Filch. Round up the ghosts.
                  Tell them to search every painting
                  in the castle for the Fat Lady.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                            47.





57   CONTINUED:                                                   57




     Just then, there is a SCREAM. The students dash to the
     landing, where all THE PAINTINGS WHISPER FEARFULLY.
     Filch's rheumy eyes peer up, searching the upper shadows,
     then... narrow.

                             FILCH

               There'll be no need for
               ghosts, Professor...
     Filch extends a crooked finger. High up, near the
     ceiling, the Fat Lady cowers in a portrait not her own,
     trembling.

                             DUMBLEDORE

                Dear lady. Who did this to you?

                                FAT LADY

                          (in a trance)
                  Eyes like the devil he's got. And
                  a soul as dark as his name. It
                  was him, Headmaster. The one they
                  talk about. He's here. Somewhere
                  in the castle. Sirius Black.
     As the students REACT, Dumbledore's VOICE cuts through.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  Secure the castle, Mr. Filch. The
                  rest of you... to the Great Hall.




58   MONTAGE - SECURING THE CASTLE - NIGHT                        58

     CLOCK TOWER DOOR: Great GROANING TUMBLERS fall.
     SPINDLES rotate. CYLINDERS -- one after another -- fire
     into place.
     WINDOWS:     Iron SPIKES, sharp as razors, rise instantly.







59   OMITTED                                                      59





60   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT             60

     One by one, deep in the distance, the LIGHTS of the Great
     Hall go out. Dementors appear, COVERING FRAME, then
     separate like a curtain...




61   INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT (HOURS LATER)                        61

     CAMERA DRIFTS THROUGH the silent room, OVER an ocean of
     SLEEPING BAGS, FINDS Harry lying awake, staring at the
     net of stars glimmering beyond the highest window.

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                            48.





61   CONTINUED:                                                   61




     A gentle CREAK is heard and Harry's eyes shift, see Snape
     pass through the great doors, converge with Dumbledore.

                                SNAPE

                  I've done the dungeons,
                  Headmaster. No sign of Black.
                  Nor anywhere else in the castle.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                          (nodding)
                  I didn't really expect him to
                  linger.

                                SNAPE

                  Remarkable feat, don't you think?
                  To enter Hogwarts castle on one's
                  own, completely undetected...
     Dumbledore gazes at the students, refusing to take the
     bait.

                             SNAPE

               You may recall, prior to the start
               of term, I did express my concerns
               when you appointed Professor --

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  I do not believe a single
                  professor inside this castle
                  would have helped Sirius
                  Black enter it, Severus.
     As Snape's eyes glitter darkly, Dumbledore gazes out over
     the slumbering students.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  No... I feel quite confident the
                  castle is safe. And I'm more than
                  willing to let the students return
                  to their Houses. But tomorrow.
                  For now, let them sleep...
     As Dumbledore's gaze finds Harry, he shuts his eyes,
     feigns sleep.

                                DUMBLEDORE

                  It's astonishing what the body can
                  endure when the mind allows itself
                  to rest.




62   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY                                   62

     The Whomping Willow idly casts off a few withering
     leaves.

                                                (CONTINUED)





                                                              49.





62   CONTINUED:                                                     62





                                SIR CADOGAN (V.O.)

                  What villains are these that
                  trespass upon my private lands!







63   INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - MORNING                          63

     The Fat Lady has been replaced by a PAINTING of a TINY
     KNIGHT (SIR CADOGAN). Stalking a bare stretch of grass
     as his PONY grazes nearby, he brandishes his sword wildly
     as a group of Gryffindors regard him warily.

                                SIR CADOGAN

                  Who dares challenge Sir Cadogan!
                  Back, you scurvy braggarts! You
                  rogues!

                                SEAMUS

                  He's barking mad!

                                DEAN THOMAS

                  What d'you expect? After what
                  happened to the Fat Lady, none of
                  the other pictures would take the
                  job.

                                NEVILLE

                  But he keeps changing the
                  password. Twice just this
                  morning! I've taken to keeping a
                  list.
     As Neville holds up a wrinkled piece of parchment, Harry,
     Ron and Hermione begin to exit.

                                SIR CADOGAN

                  Farewell, comrades! If ever you
                  have need of noble heart and
                  steely sinew, call upon Sir
                  Cadogan!

                                RON

                  Yeah, we'll call you... if we ever
                  need someone mental.







64   OMITTED                                                        64





65   INT. LUPIN'S CLASSROOM - MORNING (LATER)                       65

     SNAP! Snape PULLS DOWN a SCREEN over the blackboard,
     turns.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                             50.





65   CONTINUED:                                                    65





                                SNAPE

                  Turn to page 394.
     As the students eye Snape with guarded curiosity, Malfoy
     finishes SCRAWLING something on a bit of PARCHMENT and
     balls it up in his hands. As he opens them, a MOTH
     flutters from his palms.

                                HARRY

                  Excuse me, sir, but... where's
                  Professor Lupin?




                                SNAPE

                  That's not really your concern, is
                  it, Potter? Suffice it to say,
                  your Professor finds himself
                  incapable of teaching at the
                  present time. Page 394.
     Snape waves the MOTH away, blows out a candle and a SLIDE
     SHOW BEGINS. An ANCIENT WOODCUT of a HORRIFIC BEAST
     flickers at the front of the room. Ron frowns down at
     his book.

                                RON

                  Werewolves?

                                HERMIONE

                  But, sir, we've only just begun
                  learning about Red Caps and
                  Hinkypunks. We're not meant to
                  start nocturnal beasts for
                  weeks --

                                SNAPE

                  Quiet!

                                 RON

                          (to Harry)
                  When did she come in?   Did you see
                  her come in...

                                SNAPE

                  Now. Which of you can tell me the
                  difference between an Animagus and
                  a werewolf?
     As the class stares mutely at a SLIDE of an ATTACKING
     WEREWOLF, Hermione waiting desperately for someone to
     respond to Snape's question, the moth flutters by Harry.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                             51.





65   CONTINUED:    (2)                                               65




     SWAT! He pins it to his desk. A tiny cloud of moth dust
     mushrooms into the air and Harry lifts his palm.
     Malfoy's PARCHMENT has reappeared.




                                 SNAPE

                  No one?   How... disappointing.

                             HERMIONE

     Please, sir, an Animagus is a wizard who elects to turn
     into an animal. A werewolf has no choice in the matter.
     Furthermore, the werewolf actively hunts humans and
     responds only to the call of its own kind --
     Malfoy lets out a LOW HOWL.

                                SNAPE

                  Quiet, Malfoy! Though one must
                  admit to feeling your pain. That
                  is the second time you have spoken
                  out of turn, Miss Granger. Tell
                  me. Are you incapable of
                  restraining yourself? Or do you
                  take pride in being an
                  insufferable know-it-all?

                                RON

                          (to Harry)
                  He's got a point, you know.
     Harry stares at the parchment. Malfoy has drawn a crude
     caricature of Harry in his Quidditch robes being STRUCK
     BY LIGHTNING over and over.

                                SNAPE

                  Five points from Gryffindor!
                          (to the class)
                  As a antidote to your ignorance, I
                  prescribe two rolls of parchment
                  on the werewolf by Monday morning,
                  with particular emphasis placed on
                  recognizing it.
                          (suddenly)
                  Passing notes, Potter?
     Snape SNATCHES the drawing from under Harry's nose.      Eyes
     it.

                                SNAPE

                  Not exactly Picasso, are you? I
                  hope you demonstrate more talent
                  on the Quidditch pitch this
                  weekend then you do as an artist.

                                (MORE)


                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                             52.





65   CONTINUED:    (3)                                             65





                                SNAPE (CONT'D)

                  If not, I fear you'll perish,
                  given the weather forecast. Until
                  that time, however, you'll forgive
                  me if I don't let you off
                  homework. Should you die, I
                  assure you... you need not hand it
                  in.
     As Snape turns away, Malfoy sniggers with Crabbe, Coyle
     and PIKE. Harry glances down at the drawing once more
     and we hear a true RUMBLE of THUNDER and --

                                                   CUT TO:




     ... a STITCH OF LIGHTNING...




66   OMITTED                                                       66


&                                                                  &


67                                                                 67








68   EXT. QUIDDITCH PITCH - A STITCH OF LIGHTNING - DAY            68

     as it strikes one of the GOLDEN QUIDDITCH RINGS and the
     clouds bloom with ICY BLUE light. Far below, in the
     stands, RAIN lashes the SEA OF UMBRELLAS. As one flies
     free, soaring end over end into the sky, the...
     ... CROWD EXPLODES and two Quidditch squads -- Gryffindor
     in SCARLET, Hufflepuff in CANARY-YELLOW -- shoot into the
     air. Twin BLUDGERS FIRE skyward, and the match is on.
     We CUT INTO Harry, rising like a rocket through the mist,
     his robes SNAPPING VIOLENTLY in the wind.




     INTERCUT HARRY'S POV

     -- as he flies, RAIN falling like NEEDLES before him,
     every dark cloud concealing potential danger. Beaters
     crisscross his path. A BLUDGER WHIZZES past, then a
     second ROCKETS DIRECTLY AT HIM.
     SWOOP! -- Harry ducks, watches the BLUDGER SHATTER the
     BROOM of a HUFFLEPUFF BEATER. The Beater goes into a
     wild spiral, vanishes in the mist.

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                         53.





68   CONTINUED:                                                  68





     IN THE STANDS

     Ron squints upward, the players little more than
     STREAKING BLURS from his vantage. KA-SSSST! A STITCH OF
     LIGHTNING strikes the TAIL of ANGELINA JOHNSON'S broom.
     As it BURSTS into FLAMES, she PLUMMETS to the pitch. Ron
     looks down at his own HAND. In the HIGHLY-CHARGED AIR,
     the HAIR above his knuckles RISES.
     In the sky, Harry flies fearlessly, searching for the
     Snitch as Bludgers pierce the clouds above him and
     CHASERS flit IN and OUT OF VIEW far below. Suddenly, in
     the stands opposite, a BLACK UMBRELLA flies from the hand
     of a RAVENCLAW GIRL. For a moment, it sails wondrously
     through the heavy air, a Magritte dream, then -- WHOOP!
     WHOOP! WHOOP! -- abruptly picks up speed, ROTATING LIKE
     A HATCHET. Harry DUCKS, turns, and watches it disappear
     into a bank of clouds. Then...
     ... something GLIMMERS: the Snitch. Instantly, Harry
     jets off closing fast on the tiny, glimmering ball,
     chasing it through one cloud... then another... and
     another... until...
     ... he BREAKS into a clear patch of sky... only to find
     the Snitch is gone. Angrily, Harry whips the Nimbus back
     around, searching the horizon frantically, when he spies
     something:
     In the stadium's HIGHEST TOWER, something ENORMOUS
     flickers briefly in SILHOUETTE, then is obscured by a
     veil of mist.
     Harry turns. In the distance, the stray umbrella spins
     INTO VIEW, harpoons a player. Harry's eyes shift. The
     SNITCH SHIMMERS like a FIREFLY in the dark underbelly of
     a cloud. Harry begins to go... when the veil of mist
     shrouding the high tower shifts and -- for one brief
     moment -- a GREAT DOG is revealed. As this mist closes,
     Harry frowns, jets away.
     As Harry pelts after the Snitch, the crowd RISES TO THEIR
     FEET, ROARING. Ron GRINS over the binoculars, watching
     Harry shred the mist as he urges his broom on.

                                 HARRY

                             Faster!
                  Come on!
     The trace of a smile forms on Harry's lips as he closes
     on the Snitch... only yards away... reaching out...
     when...

                                                (CONTINUED)





                                                                54.





68   CONTINUED:    (2)                                                68




     ... a THIN GLAZE of ICE clouds his GLASSES. He wipes at
     them, then flinches: BLOOD trickles down his cheek. The
     rain is turning to needles. Needles of ice. Harry
     glances at the HANDLE of his BROOMSTICK. The water
     sluicing through the grain is FREEZING. VAPOR streams
     from his mouth and nose.
     SWOOSH! A dark SILHOUETTE passes on his right. He
     turns. SWOOSH! -- a twin SILHOUETTE passes on his left.
     Harry sees neither. Looks down. The layers of mist are
     parting below. LIGHTNING STRIKES. Reveals: an ARMY OF
     SILHOUETTES drifting onto the pitch. A vast legion of
     them...

     DEMENTORS.

     A DISTANT WHISTLE weaves into the WIND, rises in pitch,
     not a whistle at all, but a... SCREAM. A WOMAN'S SCREAM.
     Harry's eyes flutter, and wisps of SILVERY WHITE LIGHT
     float from his mouth. His glasses glaze over completely.
     His fingers, rigid, can no longer grip the broom and...
     He FALLS.

                               HERMIONE

                  No!!!
     Harry and broom tumble in opposite directions.
     The Nimbus soars end over end, tossed by the currents,
     then drops... right into the Whomping Willow.
     FLOOMPH! Harry, in freefall, drops through one cloud,
     then another. Plummeting through the circling Dementors.
     Then... a TALL FIGURE rises from the crowd. Raises an
     OPEN HAND to the heavens. Eyes angry but clear.
     Dumbledore.
     An EXPLOSION -- more powerful than thunder -- rocks the
     air.
     A FLASH -- more fierce than lightning -- shocks the sky.
     And then...

     THE SCREEN GOES BLACK.

     Not a sound.     For the longest time.   Then... VOICES:

                                RON

                  Looks a bit peaky, doesn't he?

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                                 55.





68   CONTINUED:    (3)                                                 68





                               FRED

                  Peaky? What d'you expect him to
                  look like? He fell fifty feet.




                                GEORGE

                  Yeah, c'mon, Ron. We'll walk you
                  off the Astronomy Tower and see
                  how you come out looking.

                                HARRY

                  Probably a right sight better than
                  he normally does.
     Harry opens his eyes and Ron, Fred, George, and Hermione
     SLOWLY COME INTO FOCUS, standing at the foot of his bed
     in the hospital wing.

                                  HERMIONE

                  Harry!    How're you feeling?




69   INT. HOSPITAL WING - DAY                                          69

     As Harry edges up against his pillow, we see a NURSE in
     the b.g., removing the SPOKES of an umbrella from a
     Hufflepuff player's neck. Harry doesn't look so good
     himself.

                                 HARRY

                  Brilliant.

                                FRED

                  Gave us a right good scare, mate.

                                 HARRY

                  What happened?

                                RON

                  You fell off your broom.

                                  HARRY

                  Really?    I meant the match.   Who
                  won?
     Silence.     Uncomfortable glances.

                                HERMIONE

                  No one blames you, Harry. The
                  Dementors aren't meant to come on
                  the grounds. Dumbledore was
                  furious. After he saved you, he
                  sent them straight off.

                                                        (CONTINUED)





                                                            56.





69   CONTINUED:                                                   69




     Harry nods grimly, stares at the RAIN LASHING the window.

                                RON

                  There's something else you should
                  know, Harry. Your Nimbus -- when
                  it blew away? -- it sort of landed
                  in the Whomping Willow. And well...
     He tips a BAG of SPLINTERED WOOD and TWISTED TWIGS onto
     the bed. As Harry stares, we hear a gentle WIND, then...

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN (V.O.)

                  I'm sorry about your broom, Harry.
                  There's no chance of fixing it?




70   EXT. BLACK LAKE - LATE AFTERNOON                             70

     Harry shakes his head in response to Lupin's question,
     then -- WHOOSH! -- sets Hedwig free of her traces. As
     she soars into the sky, Harry and Lupin watch from the
     lake's edge.

                                HARRY

                  Why do they affect me so,
                  Professor? I mean, more than
                  everyone else...

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Dementors are among the foulest
                  creatures that walk this earth.
                  They feed on every good feeling,
                  every happy memory, until a person
                  is left with nothing but his worst
                  experiences. You're not weak,
                  Harry. The Dementors affect you
                  most, because there are true
                  horrors in your past. Horrors
                  your classmates can scarcely
                  imagine. You have nothing to be
                  ashamed of.

                                HARRY

                  I'm scared, Professor.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  I'd consider you a fool if you
                  weren't.

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                               57.





70    CONTINUED:                                                     70





                                 HARRY

                   I need to learn how to fight them.
                   You could teach me, Professor.
                   You made that Dementor on the
                   train go away...

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   There was only one that night...

                                 HARRY

                   But you made it go away.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                           (a beat)
                   I don't pretend to be an expert,
                   Harry. But yes, I can teach you.
                   Perhaps after the holiday. For
                   now, though, I need to rest. I'm
                   feeling... tired.
      Harry turns, studies Lupin's haggard face. A weary smile
      appears as Hedwig's reflection glides over Lupin's
      irises.

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Beautiful...
      Harry looks up, watches Hedwig pinwheel through the blue,
      past the CLOCK TOWER and EXIT FRAME. CAMERA HOLDS, the
      skies PALES, and SNOW begins to fall. We TILT DOWN...




70A   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DAY (WEEKS LATER)                       70A

      ... to Hogwarts castle, weeks later, dusted in white.







71    EXT./INT. CLOCK TOWER - DAY                                    71

      Harry, framed in the window, stares out, looking forlorn.
      In REFLECTION, SNOW falls on the glass.




      HARRY'S POV

      A ragged line of students follows McGonagall toward the
      bridge. Harry's POV becomes OBJECTIVE and...




72    EXT. CLOCK TOWER COURTYARD - DAY                               72

      ... FOOTPRINTS appear in the snow, moving quickly to join
      the other students.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                              58.





72   CONTINUED:                                                     72




     Suddenly, Fred and George appear, heading the opposite
     way and... the FOOTPRINTS reverse themselves... as if
     Fred and George were escorting an invisible person.

                                FRED

                  Clever, Harry.

                                GEORGE

                  But not clever enough.

                                FRED

                  Besides, we've got a better way.




73   INT. ENTRANCE HALL - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                       73

     The great doors open and Fred and George enter. The
     INVISIBILITY CLOAK drops and Harry is revealed, looking
     cross. Instantly, Fred slaps a WORN ROLL OF PARCHMENT
     into his hand. Harry unfurls it. Frowns. It's blank.

                                HARRY

                  What's this rubbish?

                                FRED

                  Rubbish he says. That there's the
                  secret to our success.

                                GEORGE

                  It's a wrench giving it to you,
                  believe me.

                                FRED

                  But we've decided your need's
                  greater than ours. George, if you
                  will...

                                GEORGE

                  I solemnly swear that I am up to
                  no good.
     George touches his wand to the parchment and INTRICATE
     INK LINES surface in the fiber of the paper, spread like
     veins. Harry reads the CURIOUS WORDS at the top:

                                HARRY

                  'Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot
                  and Prongs are proud to present
                  The Marauder's Map'...?

                                GEORGE

                  Ah... Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and
                  Prongs. We owe them so much.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                               59.





73   CONTINUED:                                                      73





                               HARRY

                  Hang on. This is Hogwarts! And
                  that... No. Is that really...



     Harry points to a small MOVING DOT labeled "Dumbledore."

                                  FRED

                  Dumbledore.

                                  GEORGE

                  In his study.

                                  FRED

                  Pacing.

                                GEORGE

                  Does that a lot.

                                HARRY

                  You mean, this map shows...

                                  FRED

                  Everyone.

                                  HARRY

                  Everyone?

                                  GEORGE

                  Everyone.

                                FRED

                  Where they are.

                                GEORGE

                  What they're doing.

                                  FRED

                  Every minute.

                                  GEORGE

                  Of every day.

                                  HARRY

                  Brilliant!    Where'd you get it?

                                FRED

                  Nicked it from Filch's office, of
                  course, first year. Now listen.
                  There's seven secret passageways
                  out of the castle. But we'd
                  recommend...

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                              60.





73   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              73





                                FRED/GEORGE

                  This one.

                                GEORGE

                  The One-Eyed Witch on the third
                  floor.

                                HARRY

                  The One-Eyed...

                                FRED

                  Witch, right. But you best hurry.
                  Filch is heading this way.
                          (as they go)
                  Oh. And, Harry? When you're
                  done, make sure to give it a tap
                  and say, 'Mischief managed.'
                  Otherwise, anyone can read it.




74   INT. DIVINATION STAIRWELL - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                74

     Harry approaches a STATUE of a hump-backed, ONE-EYED

     WITCH.

     INSERT MAP -- Harry traces his finger along the tattered
     surface to an INK FIGURE labeled "Harry Potter." A tiny
     SPEECH BUBBLE appears: "Dissendium."

                                HARRY

                  Dissendium?
     CLICK! The witch's EYE OPENS and the statue pivots,
     revealing a DARK OPENING in the floor. As Harry
     crouches, squinting, a cool DRAFT OF AIR ruffles his hair
     and the CAMERA DRIFTS INTO the DARKNESS...







75   INT. UNDERGROUND PASSAGEWAY - DAY (LATER)                      75

     A tiny LIGHT bobs in the distance, fracturing the
     darkness, then Harry appears, the tip of his wand
     GLOWING, map in hand. INSERT MAP: "Harry Potter" glides
     across the parchment.




     NEW ANGLE - DAY (LATER)

     Harry stops, cranes his neck.      STONE STEPS.   Taps the map.

                                HARRY

                  Mischief managed.




                                                         61.





76   INT. HONEYDUKE'S SWEETSHOP - CELLAR - SAME TIME - DAY      76





     CRATES. HUGE ROLLING BINS. A WOOD STAIRCASE. A

     trapdoor lifts. Harry's eyes appear. As he pulls
     himself up, a DOOR BANGS OPEN. Dense CHATTER ROARS from
     above. Quickly, Harry hides, watches a MAN'S BOOTS
     descend the stairs. Then...

                             WOMAN (O.S.)

               A box of Jelly Slugs as well,
               Horace. We're nearly cleared out.
     HORACE grunts, begins moving boxes. Harry looks up to
     the cellar door, takes out the invisibility cloak...




77   INT. HONEYDUKE'S SWEETSHOP - SAME TIME - DAY               77

     The CELLAR DOOR EASES open --   but no one appears. We
     TRACK THROUGH a sweet tooth's   dream, SWARMING with
     customers. Up ahead, Neville    prepares to lick the
     LOLLIPOP in his hand, when it   simply floats from his
     fingers and out the door...







78   EXT. MAIN STREET (HOGSMEADE VILLAGE) - CONTINUOUS          78


     ACTION - DAY

     ... into the MISTY, FOG-SHROUDED chaos of Main Street.
     As the lollipop drifts on, FOOTPRINTS appear in the snow
     below...




79   EXT. SHRIEKING SHACK - DAY (LATER)                         79

     At this elevation, the MIST hangs in thick, undulating
     veils, the Shrieking Shack an eerie silhouette in the
     gloom. Ron and Hermione stand stiffly, attempting, as
     best they can, to conceal the fact that, basically,
     they're scared stiff.

                             HERMIONE

               It's meant to be the most haunted
               building in Britain. Did I
               mention that?

                              RON

               Twice.

                             HERMIONE

               Should we move a bit closer?

                              RON

               Huh?   Oh... All right...

                                                 (CONTINUED)





                                                                62.





79   CONTINUED:                                                         79




     They take a step.       One step.    Stop dead.

                                RON

                  Actually, it's fine from here.




                                  HERMIONE

                  Perfect.
     Just then, VOICES ECHO and THREE FIGURES appear over the
     rise, phantoms in the mist. Malfoy. Crabbe. Goyle.
     Pike.

                                DRACO

                  Well, well. Look who's here. You
                  two shopping for your dream home?
                  Seems a bit grand for you, Weasel-
                  Bee. Don't your family all sleep
                  in one room?

                                RON

                  Shut your mouth, Malfoy.

                                DRACO

                          (clucking his tongue)
                  Now that's not very friendly.
                  Boys, I think we're going to have
                  to teach Weasel-Bee to respect his
                  superiors.

                                HERMIONE

                          (a harsh chuckle)
                  Hope you don't mean yourself.
     Malfoy's eyes shift, regard Hermione with disgust.

                                DRACO

                  How dare you speak to me, you
                  filthy, little mud --
     SPLAT!   Malfoy takes a SNOWBALL to the grill.        Splutters:

                                  DRACO

                  Who did that!
     Malfoy glances about in confusion, when -- SPLAT!
     SPLAT! -- he takes two more. Hermione and Ron glance
     about uneasily.

                                DRACO

                  Well, don't just stand there!

                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                                63.





79   CONTINUED:    (2)                                                79




     Crabbe and Goyle start for Ron and Hermione, when --
     FLUMPH! -- their knees go out and they fall headfirst
     into the snow. Draco begins to back away fearfully,
     eying the mist...




                                DRACO

                  Wait a minute, there's something
                  out here -- Aaaaaaahhhh!!!
     Malfoy's SKI MASK is pulled over his eyes, he's spun
     about, given a ROUGH KICK to the ass and sent stumbling
     over the rise and out of sight. Instantly, Crabbe and
     Goyle join him.
     Ron and Hermione stand frozen, exchange a nervous glance,
     and... DASH OFF... when -- FLUMPH! -- they both go
     flying, land on their pants in the snow. As they sit up,
     they hear...
     LAUGHTER.    Hermione's eyes narrow in suspicion.

                                 HERMIONE

                              Harry?
                  Harry...?
     The Invisibility Cloak drops.      Sure enough.   Harry.
     Grinning.

                                RON

                                        That was not
                  Bloody hell, Harry!
                  funny!



     But he's smiling. They all are.        As he and Hermione pelt
     Harry with SNOWBALLS, we --

                                                     CUT TO:





80   EXT. MAIN STREET (HOGSMEADE VILLAGE) - DAY (MOMENTS              80


     LATER)

     The trio trudge through the SWIRLING SNOW. Harry's
     donned Hermione's scarf and Ron's hat to disguise
     himself.

                                RON

                  Those weasels! Never told me
                  about any Marauder's Map!

                                HERMIONE

                  But Harry isn't going to keep it.
                  He's going to turn it over to
                  Professor McGonagall, aren't you?

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                                64.





80   CONTINUED:                                                       80





                                RON

                  Oh sure. Along with his
                  invisibility cloak, his pack of
                  exploding snap cards, his --




                                  HERMIONE

                  Oh, shut up.

                                CORNELIUS FUDGE (O.S.)

                  Rosmerta, m'dear!
     Up ahead Cornelius Fudge emerges from a MINISTRY SLEIGH
     as Hagrid swings the door clear and -- with unfortunate
     ease -- rips it clean off the fittings. Fudge joins
     McGonagall and a CURVY BARMAID (ROSMERTA) outside the

     THREE BROOMSTICKS PUB.


                                HERMIONE

                  That's Madam Rosmerta.     Ron
                  fancies her.

                                  RON

                  It's not true!

                                  HARRY

                  Shhh.

                                CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  I trust business is good?

                                MADAM ROSMERTA

                  It'd be a right sight better if
                  the Ministry wasn't sending
                  Dementors into my pub every other
                  night.

                                CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  We have a killer on the loose.

                                MADAM ROSMERTA

                  Sirius Black? In Hogsmeade!       And
                  what would bring him here?

                                  CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  Harry Potter.

                                  MADAM ROSMERTA

                  Harry Potter!

                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                               65.





80   CONTINUED:    (2)                                               80




     Fudge looks around nervously, then jerks his head toward
     the pub. As he leads Rosmerta and McGonagall inside,
     we --




                                                CUT BACK TO:





     HERMIONE AND RON


                                  RON

                  Harry?
     He's gone.     FOOTPRINTS track through the snow, into the pub.







81   INT. THREE BROOMSTICKS PUB - HARRY'S POV FROM UNDER THE         81


     INVISIBILITY CLOAK - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)

     ... as he THREADS THROUGH the teeming pub, PAST a SIGN
     ("No Underage Wizards") and nearly collides with some
     very STRANGE-LOOKING PATRONS. Ron and Hermione ripple
     briefly past a frosted window, then... THREE SHRUNKEN
     HEADS swing INTO VIEW.

                                SHRUNKEN HEAD #1

                  So I says to him, 'Careful, Ned.
                   Don't want to go losing your head!'
     As the three heads CACKLE HYSTERICALLY, bobbing up and
     down on their strings, Harry turns... just as an UNSHAVEN
     WIZARD'S arm whips down and a DART goes WHISTLING right
     toward Harry's eyes. Harry DUCKS, pivots, and -- THWOCK!
     -- sees the dart pierce the cork of the disfigured
     DARTBOARD behind him.
     Harry hurries on, trailing Fudge and McGonagall up a DARK
     STAIRWELL as Rosmerta leads them into a small BACK ROOM.
     As the door starts to close, Harry rushes forward: SLAM!
     Too late. CAMERA TILTS. The KNOB turns, the door
     opens...




82   INT. THREE BROOMSTICKS PUB - CARD ROOM - DAY                    82

     ... and SNOW flutters off the sill of a HALF-OPEN WINDOW.
     McGonagall turns, frowning, and re-closes the door,
     harder this time, then joins Fudge and Rosmerta. HARRY'S
     POV SHIFTS FROM one TO the other as they speak.

                                  MADAM ROSMERTA

                  Come on then.    Let's hear it.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                             66.





82   CONTINUED:                                                    82




                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Years ago, when Harry Potter's
                  parents were marked for death,
                  they went into hiding. Few knew
                  where they were. One who did was
                  black. And he told...

                                MADAM ROSMERTA

                  You-Know-Who. I've heard this
                  rot. It was all over The Daily
                  Prophet back in the day. And I'll
                  say now what I said then: Of all
                  the boys I ran out of here,
                  Black's the last who would've gone
                  over to the dark side. Hearsay.
                  That's all the Ministry had.
                  Hearsay.

                                 CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  Ha!   Tell that to Peter Pettigrew!

                                MADAM ROSMERTA

                  Peter Pettigrew?
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Little lump of a boy? Always
                  tagging after Black and...

                                MADAM ROSMERTA

                  I remember him. What's he got to
                  do with it?
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  After the Potters were killed,
                  Pettigrew went looking for Black.
                  And, unfortunately... found him.

                                CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  Black was vicious. He didn't kill
                  Pettigrew. He destroyed him. A
                  finger. That's all that was left.
                  A finger -- there's your hearsay.
     Rosmerta looks to McGonagall.      She nods grimly.
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  Sirius Black may not have put his
                  hands to the Potters, but he's the
                  reason they're dead. And now he
                  wants to finish what he started.

                                MADAM ROSMERTA

                  Harry.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                          67.





82   CONTINUED:    (2)                                           82




     McGonagall nods, then looks pained.

                                CORNELIUS FUDGE

                  But that's not the worst of it.




                                MADAM ROSMERTA

                  What could be worse?
                                PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                  This: Sirius Black was and
                  remains today... Harry Potter's
                  godfather.
     BLAM! The pub doors fly open, REVEAL Main Street, where
     Ron and Hermione wait, rubbing their hands against the
     chill. As they look down, CAMERA TILTS...




83   EXT. MAIN STREET (HOGSMEADE VILLAGE) - MOMENTS LATER -      83


     DAY

     ... and FOOTPRINTS appear in the snow. HARRY'S POV ENDS.
     CAMERA TILTS UP, FOLLOWS Hermione and Ron until they
     LEAVE FRAME, then HOLDS ON a POSTER of BLACK, fluttering
     against a lamppost: "Have you seen this wizard?"







84   EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF TOWN - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                84

     At the end of a ROCKY OUTCROP, the FOOTPRINTS end and
     SOBS are heard. Ron takes Hermione's arm, discouraging
     her from going further, but she does, filling the
     footprints with her own, then kneeling and -- very gently
     -- drawing the cloak from Harry. He stares into the
     mist, eyes stinging with tears.

                                HARRY

                  He was their friend. And he
                  betrayed them. He was their
                  friend.
                          (eyes hardening)
                  I hope he finds me. But when he
                  does, I'm going to be ready. When
                  he does, I'm going to kill him.




85   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - DUSK (TRANSITION TO SPRING)          85

     Butterflies flutter over the great green lawn. The GIANT
     SQUID breaks through the last GLAZE of ICE on the Black
     Lake. The Whomping Willow shakes the water from its
     branches...




                                                          68.





86   INT. ASTRONOMY ROOM - DUSK                                 86




     The DYING SUN streams through high windows, painting
     Harry's face a fierce AMBER-RED as he stands opposite
     Lupin. ANCIENT CHARTS drape the walls while gleaming
     SPHERES OF SPUN GLASS ORBIT one another silently. Lupin
     paces before a LARGE TRUNK.

                             PROFESSOR LUPIN

               You're sure about this, Harry?
               This is very advanced magic. Well
               beyond Ordinary Wizarding Level.

                             HARRY

               If Black can fight the Dementors,
               I need to know how too.
     Lupin studies Harry -- as if conflicted -- then decides.

                             PROFESSOR LUPIN

               Very well. The spell I'm going to
               teach you is called the Patronus
               Charm. Ever hear of it?
     Harry shakes his head.

                             PROFESSOR LUPIN

               A Patronus is a kind of positive
               force. For the wizard who can
               conjure one, the Patronus works
               something like a shield. The
               Dementor feeds on it instead of
               him.
     Just then, the trunk RATTLES VIOLENTLY. As Harry's eyes
     wander, Lupin SNAPS his fingers, brings his attention
     back.

                             PROFESSOR LUPIN

               But in order for it to work, you
               must think of a memory. And not
               just any. This memory needs to be
               a very happy one. And powerful.
     Harry thinks a bit.   Then... nods.

                             PROFESSOR LUPIN

               Got something? Good. Let it fill
               you up. Lose yourself in it.
               Then speak the incantation:
               Expecto Patronum. Without your
               wand...

                             HARRY

               Expecto Patronum...

                                                  (CONTINUED)





                                                               69.





86   CONTINUED:                                                      86





                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Right then.   Shall we?
     Harry nods, raises his wand. Lupin, watching closely,
     reaches over, grips the lid of the TRUNK...

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Concentrate, Harry.
                  Concentrate...
     As Lupin FLINGS open the case, Harry OPENS HIS EYES. In
     the sun's BLOOD-LIGHT, the Dementor looks particularly
     horrific.

                                HARRY

                  Expecto... Patronum...
     The torches on the wall FLICKER as a CHILL BREEZE fills
     the chamber. A SCREAM ECHOES distantly. Harry's hand
     trembles. His eyes begin to roll up...

                                HARRY

                  Expecto... Expecto...

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Here!
     CRACK! -- the Dementor mutates into a SILVERY WHITE ORB.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Riddikulus!
     Lupin flicks his wand, sends the orb back into the
     packing case. Harry stands blinking. Dazed. Lupin
     fishes a CHOCOLATE FROG from his pocket. Presses it into
     Harry's trembling hand.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Quickly.
     Harry studies the frog.      Takes a bite.    Begins to
     recover.

                                HARRY

                  That's one nasty Dementor.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Boggart, Harry. The real thing
                  would be much, much worse. Just
                  out of interest, what were you
                  thinking of? What memory did you
                  choose?

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                                  70.





86   CONTINUED:    (2)                                                  86





                                HARRY

                  The first time I rode a broom.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  That's not good enough, Harry.
                  Not nearly.
     Harry glances toward the window, at the bloody sun.

                                HARRY

                  There's another. It's not happy
                  exactly. I mean, it is. It's the
                  happiest I've ever felt. But
                  it's... complicated.

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Is it strong?
     Harry looks up into Lupin's eyes.       Emotional.   Nods.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Then let's try it.
     Harry takes a breath.      Tosses the frog aside.    Poises
     himself.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Think, Harry, think --

                                  HARRY

                  Just do it!
     Lupin blinks at Harry's quiet fierceness. Opens the
     packing case. Instantly, the Dementor appears again. A
     chill fills the air. The hair skates off Harry's scar.
     He sets his jaw...

                                HARRY

                  Expecto Patronum!
     Harry's hand TREMBLES. His whole BODY TREMBLES. But he
     holds his ground, when -- WHOOSH! -- a huge SILVER SHADOW
     BURSTS from the end of his wand, hovering between him and
     the Dementor. The Dementor falters... Harry's legs like
     water...

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Riddikulus!
     CRACK! The Dementor vanishes. Harry's arm drops.
     Slack. Lupin eyes Harry with a kind of awe. His voice
     barely a WHISPER.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                               71.





86   CONTINUED:    (3)                                               86





                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  Well done.

                                HARRY

                  I think I've had enough.    For
                  today.
     Lupin nods.    Watches Harry move to the door.

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                  So you know, Harry: You'd have
                  given your father a run for his
                  money. And, believe me, that's
                  saying something.
     Harry ponders this.       Then speaks, deep inside himself.

                                HARRY

                  I was thinking of him. And Mum.
                  Seeing their faces. They're just
                  talking to me. Just... talking.
                  That was the memory I chose. I
                  don't even know if it's real...
     Harry grips the door, pushes past.

                                HARRY

                  But it's the best I have.




87   INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT                                    87

     All the boys asleep.
     All except Harry, who lies in bed, studying the photo of
     his parents, barely visible in the fluttering light of a
     guttering candle. As the FLAME DIES with a soft HISS,
     all goes BLACK and we --

                                                     CUT TO:








88   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - NIGHT (LATER)                            88

     A hulking, haunted goliath against the sky.




89   EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT                                          89

     A cautious breeze rises.       Leaves scud across the gravel.




90   INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT                                         90

     A church.    Empty.   Silent.




                                                           72.





91    INT. SEVENTH FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT                          91




      A WINDOWPANE RATTLES, up high, the corridor thatched in
      shadow. Slowly... CAMERA BEGINS TO MOVE. CREEPING
      FORWARD. A SHADOW ENGULFS Sir Cadogan, dozing against
      his tree...







92    INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                 92

      A WHISTLE SHRIEKS. The Sneakoscope, whirling madly,
      skitters across the bedside cabinet and -- CLICK! CLICK!
      CLICK! -- taps against a WATER GLASS, sending shafts of
      RED LIGHT pinwheeling over the photo of Harry's
      parents...

                                RON

                Aaaahhhh!
      Harry BOLTS UP, sees a SILHOUETTE etched on the window --
      a MAN CLUTCHING A KNIFE. All the boys are up now.
      Screaming. Amid the chaos, Harry grabs his wand.

                                HARRY

                Everybody out!
      The others flee.    Harry faces the HULKING SHADOW, wand
      poised.

                                HARRY

                Show yourself.
      Crash! The water GLASS SHATTERS on the floor and
      Scabbers darts past Harry's bare feet, chased by
      Crookshanks. Seizing the moment, the SILHOUETTE grasps
      the curtains and swings through the open window, plunging
      into the night. Harry rushes to the window, looks down.







92A   EXT. GRYFFINDOR TOWER - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT            92A

      The SILHOUETTE leaps from ledge to ledge with an animal's
      grace, then... vanishes.




92B   INT. TOWER DORMITORY - CONTINUOUS ACTION - NIGHT             92B

      Harry sweeps Ron's curtains aside.    His bed is... empty.

                                HARRY

                         Ron!
                Ron!
      Harry's eyes flash toward the window, when... Ron pokes
      his head out from under the bed.

                                RON

                Is he gone?




                                                           73.





93   INT. GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM - NIGHT (LATER)                   93




     The entire Gryffindor House, in pajamas, stand before
     McGonagall, who wears a TARTAN ROBE and an expression of
     singular irritation.



                             PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
               That's preposterous, Weasley. How
               could Sirius Black possibly have
               got through the portrait hole?

                             RON

               I don't know how he got in! I was
               a bit busy dodging his knife!
     Just then, a curiously content Crookshanks wends his way
     through Ron's legs.

                             RON

               And this bloody cat ate my rat!

                               HERMIONE

               That's a lie!

                             RON

               It is not and you bloody well know it!
                               PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
               Silence!
     McGonagall turns then and everyone follows her eye to Sir
     Cadogan who, sensing the attention, perks up instantly.

                             DUMBLEDORE

               Sir Cadogan. Is it possible that
               you let a mysterious man enter
               Gryffindor Tower tonight?

                             SIR CADOGAN

               Certainly, good lady! He had the
               password. Had the whole week's,
               in fact. On a little piece of
               paper.
                             PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
               Which abysmally foolish person
               wrote down the passwords and then
               proceeded to lose them!
     Every eye shifts once more:    Neville.   McGonagall sighs.
                             PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
               Is it always going to be you,
               Longbottom?

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                              74.





93     CONTINUED:                                                   93





                                  NEVILLE

                    I'm afraid so, ma'am.
                                  PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                            (to the group at large)
                    While we know Sirius Black is gone
                    tonight, I think you can safely
                    assume he will, at some future
                    time, attempt to return. Let me
                    be clear. You are not to move
                    about the castle alone. And you
                    are not to write down the
                    password! Understood!
       A collective nod of the head. McGonagall gives the ties
       of her robe a sharp tug, collects herself, and exits.
                                  PROFESSOR McGONAGALL
                    Very well then. Go to bed.
       As the students drift off, Ron casts a last angry glance
       toward Hermione, who now holds Crookshanks in her arms.

                                  HARRY

                    I could've killed him.
       Hermione turns, sees Harry staring out the window.

                                  HARRY

                    He was right there. Close enough to touch.
                    I could've killed him.




94     OMITTED                                                      94

thru                                                                thru

96                                                                  96








96A    EXT. SLOPE - DAY                                             96A

       The trio make their way down the slope.

                                  RON

                    I find it astonishing that someone
                    who prides herself on being so
                    logical can be in such denial.

                                  HERMIONE

                    Harry. Will you explain to your
                    friend Ronald that he has
                    absolutely no proof whatsoever
                    that my sweet, unassuming cat ate
                    his shabby, decidedly decrepit
                    rat.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              75.





96A   CONTINUED:                                                    96A





                                 RON

                   Harry was there! He'll tell you
                   how it was. Go on, Harry, tell
                   her.




                                 HARRY

                   No, I won't. Know why? Because I
                   don't care about your stupid rat!
                   I don't care about your stupid
                   cat! I've got few other things on
                   my mind right now!

                                 RON

                   Really? Wasn't you had to roll
                   under the bed last night to avoid
                   getting cut to ribbons! A person
                   could die being your friend,
                   Harry!
      Ron stops, wishes he could take it back. They all wish
      he could. Avoiding each other's eyes, they turn,
      continue on.




97    EXT. BLACK LAKE - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                         97

      Hagrid, wearing a GIGANTIC, HAIRY BROWN SUIT and perhaps
      the world's ugliest YELLOW AND ORANGE TIE, stands knee-
      deep in the shallows of the Black Lake, skimming rocks as
      big as flagstones across the water's shiny gloss. As he
      turns, the trio catches a brief sight of his eyes, red
      with tears, then he looks away.

                                 HERMIONE

                   How'd it go, Hagrid?

                                 HAGRID

                   Buckbeak liked London.

                                 HERMIONE

                   I meant the hearing.

                                 HAGRID

                   Oh. That. Well, I got up an'
                   said my bit -- You know, how
                   Buckbeak was a good Hippogriff an'
                   as long as yeh treated 'im with
                   respect, he'd treat you the same.
                   Then Lucius Malfoy got up an' said
                   his bit -- you know, how Buckbeak
                   was a deadly dangerous beast that
                   no teacher in their righ' mind
                   would expose their students to...

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                               76.





97   CONTINUED:                                                      97





                                  HERMIONE

                            (dreading it)
                  And...?



     Hagrid slings another rock into water.

                                HERMIONE

                  You mustn't blame yourself,
                  Hagrid.

                                RON

                  Draco. It's him the Committee
                  should punish. It's him they
                  should send off to the forest, not
                  Buckbeak.

                                HAGRID

                  Buckbeak's not going back to the
                  forest...

                                HERMIONE

                          (dreading the answer)
                  Where's he going, Hagrid?

                                HAGRID

                  He asked fer the worse, yeh see,
                  Lucius Malfoy did. An' the
                  Committee granted it. Buckbeak's
                  bin sentenced ter death.




98   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - NIGHT                                    98

     Dark. Ominous.         Dementors drift in the distance.
     Restless...







99   INT. TOWER DORMITORY - NIGHT                                    99

     Silent. A room of shadows. While those around him
     slumber, Harry lies awake, unable to sleep. Finally, he
     turns to his cupboard, takes the Marauder's Map.

     WHISPERS:


                                HARRY

                  I solemnly swear that I am up to
                  no good.
     The crooked corridors and serpentine passageways of
     Hogwarts radiate across the parchment, then... a TINY DOT
     catches Harry's eye. He frowns. It reads: "Peter
     Pettigrew."




                                                          77.





100   INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                       100




      Harry moves down a DARK corridor, map in hand, WAND
      AGLOW. In the PAINTINGS he passes, the subjects SNORE

      SOFTLY.


      INSERT - MARAUDER'S MAP




      "Harry Potter" and "Peter Pettigrew" draw closer and
      closer.







      BACK TO SCENE

      Harry squints toward the end of the corridor. Down at
      the map. Pettigrew moves quickly down the adjoining
      corridor. Twenty yards away. Ten. Only seconds away...
      Wand trembling in his hand, Harry glances from the map to
      the dark corridor ahead, again and again. Then... as the
      two DOTS are about to collide... he looks slowly up...
      turns the corner... heart in his chest... and meets...




      HIMSELF

      ... reflected in a MIRROR. He BLINKS, startled, then
      glances back down at the map. Pettigrew has moved past
      him. Confused, Harry wheels, casts his wand along the
      walls.

                              VOICE (O.S.)

                Watch it there, boy!
      Harry JUMPS. But it's only an OLD MAN in a PAINTING,
      scowling in the glare of Harry's wand light. On the map,
      "Pettigrew" continues to move away. Harry makes to
      follow, then stops. HEARS FOOTSTEPS. The WAND'S SPOT
      dances across the parchment, finds another DOT.
      Approaching FAST: "Severus Snape."

                              HARRY

                Mischief managed!
      Harry stashes the map, extinguishes his wand, and
      turns... into the harsh glare of Snape's wand.

                              SNAPE

                Potter. What're you doing
                wandering the corridors at night?

                              HARRY

                I was... I was... sleepwalking...
      A sneer curdles the corners of Snape's lips.

                                                 (CONTINUED)





                                                               78.





100   CONTINUED:                                                       100





                                 SNAPE

                   How extraordinarily like your
                   father you are, Potter. He, too,
                   was exceedingly arrogant.
                   Strutting about the castle --

                                 HARRY

                   My dad didn't strut. Nor do I.
                   Now, if you don't mind, I'd
                   appreciate you lowering your wand.
      Snape eyes Harry coldly.      Containing himself.   Lowers his
      wand.

                                 SNAPE

                   Turn out your pockets.
      Harry doesn't move, eyes still boring into Snape.

                                 SNAPE

                   Turn out your pockets!
      Finally, Harry obliges.      Seeing the map, Snape's eyes
      glitter.

                                  SNAPE

                   And this.   What might it be?

                                 HARRY

                   Spare bit of parchment...

                                 SNAPE

                   Really...
                           (poising his wand)
                   Reveal your secret!
      To Harry's horror, words begin to appear. Snape studies
      him, a sadistic half-smile on his lips. Turns the map
      his way.

                                 SNAPE

                   Read it.

                                 HARRY

                   'Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot
                   and Prongs offer their compliments
                   to Professor Snape and...'

                                 SNAPE

                   Go on.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              79.





100   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             100





                                 HARRY

                   '... and request that he keep his
                   abnormally large nose out of other
                   people's business.'

                                 SNAPE

                           (smile drooping)
                   Why you insolent little --

                                   PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Professor...?
      Snape turns.     Sees Lupin standing in the shadows.

                                 SNAPE

                   Well, well. Lupin. Out for a little
                   walk in the moonlight, are we?

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Harry?   You all right?

                                 SNAPE

                   That remains to be seen. I've
                   just now confiscated a rather
                   curious artifact from Mr. Potter.
                   Take a look, Lupin. This is
                   supposed to be your area of
                   expertise.
      Lupin takes the parchment, which now displays a rather
      unflattering caricature of Snape and a pair of potions.

                                 SNAPE

                   Clearly, it's full of Dark Magic.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   I seriously doubt that, Severus.
                   It looks to me as if it merely
                   insults anyone who tries to read
                   it. I suspect it's a Zonko
                   product. Nevertheless, I shall
                   pursue any hidden qualities it may
                   possess. As you say, it's my area
                   of expertise. Come, Harry.




101   INT. CORRIDOR/LUPIN'S OFFICE - EVENING (MOMENTS LATER)        101

      Harry walks aside a fuming Lupin, who grips the map
      fiercely.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              80.





101   CONTINUED:                                                    101





                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   I don't know how this map came to
                   be in your possession, Harry, but
                   I'm astounded that you didn't turn
                   it in. Did you ever stop to think
                   that this -- in the hands of
                   Sirius Black -- is a map to you?
      Harry walks silently.     Lupin can barely contain his anger.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Your father didn't set much store
                   by rules either. But he and your
                   mother did give their lives to
                   save yours. Gambling their
                   sacrifice by walking about the
                   castle unprotected, with a killer
                   on the loose, strikes me as a poor
                   way to repay them. I won't cover
                   up for you again, Harry.
      Lupin enters his office, tosses the map on his desk, and
      begins to sort through some papers. Harry lingers
      briefly in the doorway, absently eyes the WAXING MOON
      that glimmers beyond the window, then starts to turn
      away. Stops.

                                 HARRY

                   Professor. Just so you know, I
                   don't think the map always works.
                   Earlier, it showed someone in the
                   castle. Someone I know to be dead.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                           (only half-listening)
                   And who was that, Harry?

                                 HARRY

                   Peter Pettigrew.
      Lupin hesitates ever-so-slightly, then returns to his
      papers.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Very well. I'd like you to return
                   to your dormitory now. Oh, and
                   Harry? Don't take any detours.
      As Harry looks back, Lupin taps the map.

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   If you do.   I'll know.

                                                    CUT TO:


                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                              81.





101   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             101





      CLOSEUP - CRYSTAL BALL

      murky with smoke.




                                 PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY (V.O.)

                   Relax... Let your mind... go...




102   INT. DIVINATION CLASSROOM - MORNING                           102

      The students gaze into CRYSTAL BALLS, faces reflecting
      the mist within, so that their very skin seems to be made
      of smoke.
      Conspicuously, Harry, Ron and Hermione sit apart.

                                 PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                   Crystal-gazing requires that you
                   clear the Inner Eye. Only then,
                   will you... See. Oh my, what do
                   we have here...?
      As Trelawney eyes Harry's crystal, Hermione rolls her
      eyes.

                                  HERMIONE

                   Here we go again. It's the Grim!
                   It's the Grim!

                                 PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                           (eyes narrowing)
                   My dear, from the moment you first
                   arrived in my class, I sensed that
                   you did not possess the proper
                   spirit for the noble art of
                   Divination. You may be young in
                   years, but the heart that beats
                   beneath your bosom is as shriveled
                   as an old maid's, your soul as dry
                   as the pages of the books to which
                   you so desperately cleave.
      Stung, Hermione starts to reply, but -- remarkably --
      seems incapable of a single word. Rising gracelessly,
      she exits, knocking her crystal ball to the floor. Harry
      watches curiously as the ball rolls slowly OUT the
      doorway...

                                 LAVENDER

                   'In late spring, one of our number
                   will leave us forever!' You knew,
                   Professor! You saw.

                                 PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                   On these occasions, I take no joy
                   in my gift, Miss Brown.




                                                              82.





102A   EXT. DIVINATION CLASSROOM - MORNING (LATER)                  102A




       As the students exit, Ron, walking separately from Harry,
       turns to Neville.

                               RON

                 She's gone mental, Hermione has.
                 I mean, not that she wasn't always
                 mental, but now it's out in the
                 open for everyone to see...
       Ron stops, glances at Harry, then moves off. Harry
       watches him go, along with the others, then spies
       Hermione's crystal ball lying on the landing.




102B   INT. DIVINATION CLASSROOM - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)              102B

       Harry sets Hermione's crystal back on its stand, starts
       to go, when... the SMOKE within the crystal suddenly
       DARKENS. Leaning close, Harry watches the shape that
       appears. It is unmistakable: Sirius Black. Just then,
       a SHADOW crawls the glossy surface of the crystal and...
       ... a HAND SNATCHES Harry's shoulder.     He wheels,
       finds...

                               HARRY

                 Professor Trelawney --

                               PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                 He will return tonight....
       Harry stiffens.   Trelawney's voice is eerily HOLLOW.

                                  HARRY

                 S-sorry?

                               PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                 Tonight, when the clock strikes
                 twelve, the servant shall break
                 free. He and his Master shall be
                 reunited. It cannot be prevented.
       Trelawney smiles savagely... then her head falls forward.
       When it rises, she blinks, eyes the hand that lies upon
       Harry's shoulder. Her hand.

                               PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY

                 So sorry, dear boy. Did you say
                 something?
       Her voice is normal once more.     Harry shakes his head.

                                  HARRY

                 No.   Nothing.




                                                            83.





103   INT. DIVINATION STAIRWELL - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)             103




      Harry -- clearly unsettled by his encounter with
      Trelawney -- hastens down the stairs, and we...

                                                FADE OUT.








104   INT. CLOCKTOWER COURTYARD - DAY (LATER)                     104

      SWOOK! SWOOK! We FADE UP ON a MOVING POV OF a CROW as
      it glides to the flock circling the feet of a POT-BELLIED
      MAN (THE EXECUTIONER) sitting in the courtyard. As he
      sharpens his AXE -- SWOOK! SWOOK! -- we --

                                                 CUT TO:








      HARRY, RON AND HERMIONE

      hurrying past.   The Executioner looks up and we --

                                                 CUT TO:





105   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - BRIDGE - LATE AFTERNOON              105

      ... Harry, leading Ron and Hermione toward Hagrid's hut.

                              HERMIONE

                I can't believe they're going to
                kill Buckbeak! It's too horrible.

                              HARRY

                It just got worse.
      She and Ron look and SEE:




106   EXT. SUNDIAL GARDEN - CONTINUOUS ACTION - LATE              106


      AFTERNOON

      Malfoy, along with Crabbe and Goyle, lurks within a
      grouping of monolithic menhirs, BINOCULARS in hand,
      spying on Hagrid, who stands in the pumpkin patch,
      tossing dead ferrets to Buckbeak. Hagrid wipes his eyes,
      lopes into the hut.

                              DRACO

                Did you see the big, fat
                blubbering oaf?! Oh, this is
                going to be rich. Did I tell you,
                Father said I can keep the head --
                        (looking up)
                Ah. Come to see the show?

                                                 (CONTINUED)





                                                              84.





106   CONTINUED:                                                      106





                                 HERMIONE

                   You... foul... loathsome...
                   evil... little cockroach...
      Malfoy stumbles back against a tree, cross-eyed with fear
      as Hermione jabs the tip of her wand under his nose,
      when...

                                  RON

                   Hermione!   No!
      She turns, surprised Ron's spoken to her.      He looks away.

                                 RON

                   He's not worth it.
      Hermione nods, then -- SMACK! -- quick as lightning,
      lands a looping right to Malfoy's jaw, putting him flat
      on his back. Stunned, he leaps to his feet and runs,
      Crabbe and Goyle huffing and puffing behind.

                                 HERMIONE

                   That felt good.




107   EXT. SLOPE/PUMPKIN PATCH - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS              107


      LATER)

      The trio makes their way down the slope and past
      Buckbeak, chewing on a ferret with idle satisfaction.







108   INT. HAGRID'S HUT - LATER (LATE AFTERNOON/DUSK)                 108

      Hagrid stands by the window watching Buckbeak.      Harry and
      Ron sit. Hermione makes tea.

                                 HAGRID

                   Look at 'em. Loves the smell
                   o' the trees when the wind
                   blows...

                                 HARRY

                   I say we set him free.

                                 HAGRID

                           (shaking his head)
                   They'd know I did it. And tha'
                   would only get Dumbledore in
                   trouble. Gonna come down, yeh
                   know. Says he wants ter be with
                   me when it... when it happens.
                   Great man, Dumbledore.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                               85.





108   CONTINUED:                                                     108





                                 HERMIONE

                   We'll stay with you too, Hagrid.

                                 HAGRID

                   Yeh will not! Think I wan' yeh
                   seein' a thing like this! No.
                   Yeh'll drink yer tea an' be off.
                   But before yeh do -- I wan' ter
                   see you an' Ron shake hands,
                   Harry.
      Ron and Harry exchange a glance, then look to Hagrid.

                                 HAGRID

                   Thin' I haven' seen 'ow it's bin
                   betw'n you two? Go on now...
      Reluctantly, Harry and Ron extend their hands.       Shake.

                                 HAGRID

                   Good. Now then. Ron, I wan' ter
                   see you give Hermione a hug.

                                 HERMIONE/RON

                   What!

                                HAGRID

                   Go on! You two've been at it all
                   year. An' I'm sick o' it.
      Acutely uncomfortable, Hermione and Ron step forward and
      perform perhaps the most awkward hug Hogwarts has ever
      seen.

                                 HAGRID

                   Crikey, tha's jus' abou' the most
                   pathetic hug I e'er seen. But yeh
                   did it, an' tha's wha' matters.
                   There's jus' one other thing...

                                 RON

                   I'm not kissing Fang if that's
                   what you're thinking...
      Hearing his name, FANG -- Hagrid's giant boarhound --
      THUMPS his tail happily on the floor. Hagrid turns,
      takes the lid from a FLOUR TIN, A TINY HEAD, ears flecked
      with powder, emerges.

                                  RON

                   Scabbers!   You're alive!

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                              86.





108   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             108





                                  HAGRID

                   Yeh should keep a closer eye on
                   yer pets, Ron.




                                 HERMIONE

                   I think you owe someone an
                   apology.

                                 RON

                   Right. Next time I see
                   Crookshanks, I'll let him know.

                                   HERMIONE

                   I meant me.

                                    HAGRID

                   Crikey.     Here we go agin...
      SMASH! A GLASS JAR on the SHELF SHATTERS. As Hermione
      scoops up a JAGGED STAR-SHAPED STONE, a second STONE
      bounces off the back of Harry's head.

                                   HARRY

                   Ow!
      Harry turns, looks out the window.

                                   HARRY

                   Hagrid...
      Everyone turns. Looks. Dumbledore and Fudge approach.
      Behind them, in a fluttering shroud of CROWS, the
      Executioner follows, axe at his side. Hagrid begins to
      panic.

                                 HAGRID

                   Yeh got to go! It's almost dark.
                   Anyone sees yeh outside the castle
                   it'll be trouble! Big trouble!
                   'Specially you, Harry --
      BANG! BANG! BANG! The door SHAKES. Hagrid stiffens in
      fear. Harry reaches up, puts his finger to Hagrid's
      trembling lips, speaks softly to the others.

                              HARRY

                C'mon.




109   EXT. HAGRID'S HUT - PUMPKIN PATCH - WIDE SHOT - DUSK          109


      (MOMENTS LATER)

      As the trio exit through the back door, Fudge, Dumbledore
      and the Executioner enter through the front.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                               87.





109   CONTINUED:                                                     109




      A veil of crows flutters onto the roof. More drop into
      the patch, begin to slowly circle Buckbeak.
      Harry and the others duck behind the pumpkins, watch
      Hagrid solemnly greet the others. Fudge appears at the
      window. Picks his nose. Just then, a Shhh! is heard.
      Hermione turns. The branches of the trees behind her are

      DANCING ODDLY.


                                HARRY

                   What?

                                 HERMIONE

                   Nothing, I just thought I saw...
                   Never mind.




110   EXT. SUNDIAL GARDEN - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)                     110

      The trio slip silently into a stand of trees. Beyond
      them, Hagrid's hut glimmers desolately in the dying sun.
      High in the CLOCK TOWER, a BELL begins to TOLL.

      DING!


      DING!


      DING!

      The trio stops, fighting their tears. A QUARTET OF BLEAK
      SHADOWS files from the hut. One of the SHADOWS --
      Dumbledore -- raises his hand and points, directing the
      attention of the others away from Buckbeak. Dumbledore
      speaks briefly -- unintelligible from this distance,
      then -- CAW! CAW! -- The crows SHRIEK excitedly and the
      Executioner separates from the others, disappears behind
      a LOW STAND OF TREES.

      DING!

      All goes very still.     The wind loses its voice...

      DING!

      Sunlight kicks off the axe as it rises over the trees,

      INTO VIEW...


      DING!

      The ax hangs seemingly forever, etched against the sky,
      then drops from sight. A SICKENING CHOP! fouls the
      breeze and Ron and Harry stare toward the trees in numb
      disbelief. Hermione, face turned away, trembles...

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                                 88.





110    CONTINUED:                                                      110





       DING!

       The SUN sets, dropping behind the mountains in the
       distance. Hermione turns. Sees a frenzied spray of
       crows stain the bloody sky, their PRIMAL SHRIEKING rising
       like a curse.
       Slowly, Hermione's hand falls onto Ron's shoulder and
       CAMERA FALLS WITH her, CONTINUING DOWN the length of
       Ron's arm to his hand, where a DROP OF BLOOD hangs from
       his finger, drops like a tear...

       DING!

       Ron stares at his hand.        At the blood running down his
       finger.

                                    RON

                    He bit me...
       His eyes shift.      See Scabbers streaking away.

                                    HERMIONE

                    Ron!   No!
       As Ron pelts after Scabbers, Harry and Hermione give
       chase.




110A   EXT. RIDGE - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DUSK                           110A

       Ron reaches the summit, disappears over the top.
       Hermione and Harry follow.







110B   EXT. WHOMPING WILLOW - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DUSK                 110B

       Harry and Hermione reach the top of the ridge.        Stop.

                                 HERMIONE

                    Harry. You do realize what tree
                    this is...
       Ron nabs Scabbers, cradles him in his bloody palm.

                                  RON

                    Now behave yourself.
       CAMERA PULLS BACK:        Ron is kneeling under the Whomping
       Willow.

                                                        (CONTINUED)





                                                           89.





110B   CONTINUED:                                                  110B





                                  HARRY

                    That's not good.
                            (yelling)
                    Ron! Run!
       Ron spins.     Looks toward Harry.

                                    RON

                    Harry!   Run!
       Harry's eyes shift. Bounding toward him in the gathering
       gloom is an ENORMOUS, PALE-EYED, JET-BLACK... DOG. Harry
       shields himself when... the dog LEAPS CLEAR OVER HIM.

                                    RON

                    Aaaahhh!
       The dog's TEETH flash and -- SNAP! -- close on Ron's
       foot, dragging him TOWARDS THE TRUNK like a rag doll.
       Instantly, Harry dashes forward, leaps out, and grabs
       Ron's hands... but he and Ron just keep skudding along
       the ground.

                                  HERMIONE

                    I've got you --
       Hermione pitches herself onto Harry's feet... and the
       three of them go scudding along.

                                    RON

                    Harry!
       Harry raises his chin. The dog vanishes into the GAP at
       the base of the tree, begins to pull Ron through...

                                    HARRY

                    Hold on, Ron!
       But it's no use. The dog is too powerful. Harry glances
       around desperately, then finds himself looking directly
       in Ron's eyes. He can read his mind.

                                    HARRY

                    No, Ron...
       One by one, Ron releases his fingers from Harry's
       forearm. Sacrificing himself.

                                    HARRY

                    Nooooo!!!
       But Ron closes his eyes, releases his hands fully, and...

                                                  (CONTINUED)





                                                              90.





110B   CONTINUED:    (2)                                            110B




       Disappears.     As his VOICE ECHOES deep into the earth...
       Harry and Hermione rise, peer into the hole.



       WHOMP! The Whomping Willow sweeps first Hermione, then
       Harry, into the air and -- FLOOMPH -- drops them on their
       backsides.




       HARRY AND HERMIONE'S POV - THE BRANCHES OVERHEAD

       Swaying beautifully against the dusky sky, swishing
       softly.




       BACK TO SCENE

       As one, they rise. Run back toward the gap in the tree.
       A branch swoops down.
       Hermione ducks. Harry doesn't. WHOOSH -- he is flung
       one way, his GLASSES the other.
       Hermione HOPS over another branch -- looks briefly
       pleased with herself -- only to find herself SWEPT HIGH
       IN THE AIR by a second branch. She looks down, sees
       Harry searching the ground for his glasses.

                                  HERMIONE

                    Haaaaaaarrrrrr!!!!!!!!!
       Harry squints up, sees a PILE-DRIVING FIST of a branch
       screaming straight down for his head. He rolls away just
       as -- WHOMP! -- the branch PULVERIZES the ground.
       Hermione WHIPS THROUGH FRAME, still clinging on for dear
       life, and Harry rises. FLUMPH! -- he's promptly knocked
       to the ground again. Hermione goes CRASHING through the
       high branches, Harry spies his glasses and grabs them.
       Rising, he fits them to his face and...

       HIS BLURRY POV...

       ... turns CRYSTAL CLEAR just in time to see Hermione

       FLYING MADLY TOWARD HIM.


                                  HERMIONE

                    Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

                                  HARRY

                    Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
       Hermione reaches out, grabs Harry's shirt and -- riding
       the branch in tandem -- the two boomerang back, hurtling
       toward the trunk of the tree, through the gap, and into
       the darkness...




                                                            91.





111    INT. WILLOW ROOTS - TUNNEL - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)          111




       ... below. OOMPH! Harry hits the ground hard.     OOMPH!
       Hermione falls on top of him.

                               HERMIONE

                 Thanks.

                               HARRY

                 Don't mention it. Lumos.
       As the tip of Harry's WAND GLOWS, reveals a long, snaking
       tunnel.

                               HERMIONE

                 Where do you suppose this goes?

                               HARRY

                 I have a hunch. I just hope I'm
                 wrong...




111A   INT. TUNNEL TO SHRIEKING SHACK - NIGHT                      111A

       Harry and Hermione make their way through the primitive
       passageway, ducking the roots that dangle overhead.
       Then, abruptly, the tunnel... ends. Confused, Harry and
       Hermione glance about, then -- as one -- peer up. A
       small opening. Harry reaches up, hoists himself through.







112    INT. SHRIEKING SHACK - DECREPIT ROOM - NIGHT                112

       Harry pulls Hermione up. Looks about. Paper peels from
       the walls. Stains -- suspiciously similar to dried blood
       -- blot the floorboards. Shattered furniture lies strewn
       everywhere.

                               HERMIONE

                 We're in the Shrieking Shack,
                 aren't we?
       Harry doesn't answer, staring at the DOG PRINTS in the DUST
       on the floor. The CEILING CREAKS. They dash to the stairs.




113    INT. HALLWAY - LANDING - NIGHT (SECONDS LATER)              113

       They come out, look down. A wide, shiny stripe cuts
       through the DUST-LADEN floor -- as if something has been
       dragged -- to the end of the hallway, where a LIGHT seeps
       from a door.

                               HARRY

                 Nox.

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                                92.





113   CONTINUED:                                                      113




      His wand-light dies. Slowly, they step to the door.
      Exchange a look. She nods, wand ready, and Harry KICKS
      the door aside.







114   INT. UPSTAIRS ROOM - SAME TIME                                  114

      Ron sits upon a sagging bed, clutching his bloody foot.

                                  HERMIONE

                   Ron!   You're okay --

                                 HARRY

                   The dog -- where's the --

                                 RON

                                          He's the dog.
                   It's a trap, Harry.
                   He's an Animagus...
      Harry looks down, follows the PAW PRINTS on the floor to
      a pair of FILTHY HUMAN FEET. Harry looks up slowly at
      the MAN standing in the shadows. Filthy, matted hair
      hangs to his shoulders. His skin like a corpse.

      SIRIUS BLACK.

      He studies Harry's face keenly.        Harry draws his wand.

                                 HERMIONE

                   If you want to kill Harry, you'll
                   -- you'll... have to kill us, too!

                                   SIRIUS BLACK

                   No.    Only one will die tonight.

                                 HARRY

                   Then it'll be you!

                                  HERMIONE

                   Harry!   No!
      Just then, FOOTSTEPS sound. Black wheels toward the
      door, edgy. Harry eyes Black, wand hand shaking
      violently. As Black turns back, he stops, regards Harry
      cautiously.

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   Going to kill me, Harry?

                                  HARRY

                   Yes.

                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                               93.





114   CONTINUED:                                                     114




      Harry raises his wand.     BLAM! -- the DOOR CRASHES OPEN:
      Lupin.

                                 HARRY/HERMIONE/RON

                   Professor Lupin!
      Lupin ignores them, eying Black intensely.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Looking a bit ragged, aren't we,
                   Sirius? Finally the skin reflects
                   the madness within.

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   You'd know all about the madness
                   within, wouldn't you, Remus?
      The two regard each other, the moment taut with tension,
      then Lupin steps forward and... EMBRACES Black like a
      brother.

                                 HERMIONE

                   No! I trusted you! I covered up
                   for you. And all this time you've
                   been his friend!
                           (pointing)
                   He's a werewolf! That's why he's
                   been missing classes!
      Harry and Ron stare, dumbfounded, at Lupin. Black HOWLS
      then, bitterly amused. Lupin eyes him, then turns back.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   How long have you known?

                                 HERMIONE

                   Since Professor Snape set the
                   essay.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   You're the brightest witch of your
                   age I've ever met, Hermione.

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   Yes, you glow like the sun. And
                   you howl at the moon. Enough
                   talk! He dies. Now. If you
                   won't do it with me, Remus, I'll
                   do it alone.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Wait, Sirius --

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                               94.





114   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              114





                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   I did my waiting! Twelve years of
                   it! In Azkaban! Trust me, you
                   wouldn't have lasted a week!



      Lupin eyes Black, then nods.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   All right then. As you wish...

                                 HARRY

                   No!
      Harry raises his wand when Lupin wheels and, with a flick
      of his own, disarms him. Furious, Harry eyes Black
      murderously.

                                 HARRY

                   You betrayed my parents!   You sold
                   them to Voldemort!

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   It's a lie! I never would've
                   betrayed James and Lily!

                                  PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Harry!   You've got to listen --

                                 HARRY

                   Did he listen! When my mother was
                   dying! Did he hear her screaming!

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   No! I wasn't there! And I'll
                   regret it the rest of my life!
      Harry's eyes flash to Black's, glittering with pain.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Someone else betrayed your
                   parents, Harry. Someone in this
                   room right now. Someone who,
                   until quite recently, I believed
                   to be dead.

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   He's as good as dead.

                                 HARRY

                   What're you talking about?
                   There's nobody here.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                              95.





114   CONTINUED:    (3)                                             114





                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   Oh yes there is...
      Black turns then, to Ron, and CROONS in a cruel sing
      song:

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   Come out, come out, Peter
                   Come out, come out and play...
      Ron draws back from Black's demented gaze.

                                   RON

                   You're mad...
      Harry's eyes shift from Ron's FACE to his HANDS, where
      Scabbers TWISTS violently. As a curious expression
      befalls Harry, Lupin and Black, as one, raise their
      wands... when.

                                   SNAPE

                   Expelliarmus!
      The wands fly from their hands. The others turn, find
      Snape standing in the doorway, smiling smugly.

                                 SNAPE

                           (eying Black)
                   Ah, vengeance is sweet. How I
                   hoped I'd be the one to catch you.

                                   PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Severus --

                                 SNAPE

                   I told Dumbledore you were helping
                   your old friend into the castle.
                   And here's the proof.

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   Brilliant! And -- as usual --
                   dead wrong. Now give us our wands
                   back. Remus and I have a bit of
                   unfinished business to tend to.
      As Black approaches, Snape puts his wand to Black's neck.

                                 SNAPE

                   Give me a reason. I beg you.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Don't be a fool, Severus!

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                               96.





114   CONTINUED:    (4)                                              114





                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   He can't help it. It's habit by
                   now.




                                   PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Quiet, Sirius!

                                 SNAPE

                           (clucking his tongue)
                   Listen to you two. Quarreling
                   like an old married couple. The
                   creature and the criminal.

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                                 Piss off.

                                 SNAPE

                   Witty as ever I see. Tell me,
                   will you be so irreverent when I
                   turn you over to the Dementors?
                           (as Black reacts)
                   Do I detect a flicker of fear?
                   One can only imagine what it must
                   be like to endure the Dementor's
                   Kiss. It's said to be unbearable
                   to witness. But I'll do my best.
      Snape's eyes harden.      He gestures to the door.

                                   SNAPE

                   After you.
      As the others start to go, Harry glances at the table
      where Lupin has left Harry's wand. In a flash, it's in
      his hand.

                                   HARRY

                   Expelliarmus!
      Snape soars into the air, hits the wall with a THUD, and
      slides down. Ron and Hermione stare in shock.

                                  HERMIONE

                            You attacked a teacher.
                   Harry.
      Harry looks a bit shocked himself, then turns to Black.

                                 HARRY

                   You said Peter before.    Peter who?

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Pettigrew. He was at school with
                   us. We thought he was a friend.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                               97.





114   CONTINUED:    (5)                                              114





                                HARRY

                                             He killed
                   No. Pettigrew's dead.
                   him.



      As Harry points at Black, Black laughs mirthlessly.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   I thought so, too. Until you
                   mentioned seeing Pettigrew on the
                   Map.

                                 HARRY

                   The Map was lying then --

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   The Map never lies. Pettigrew's
                   alive. And he's right there.
      Black points at... Ron.      Ron goes white with fear.

                                  RON

                   M-me?   It's lunatic...

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   Not you, you idiot. Your rat.

                                 RON

                   Scabbers? Scabbers has been in my
                   family for --

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                           (bitterly)
                   Twelve years. A curiously long
                   life for a common garden rat.
                   He's missing a toe, isn't he?
      Black unfolds a dog-eared clipping from The Daily
      Prophet: it shows Ron in Egypt with his family, Scabbers
      on his shoulder.

                                 RON

                   So what?

                                 HARRY

                   All they could find of Pettigrew
                   was his --

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   Finger. Dirty coward cut it off
                   so everyone would think he was
                   dead. Then he transformed into a
                   rat.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                               98.





114   CONTINUED:    (6)                                              114




      Harry stares into Black's sunken eyes. Wanting to
      believe. Desperate to believe. Glances at Ron, his
      agonized face. Scabbers SQUIRMS VIOLENTLY.




                                HARRY

                   Show me.
      Lupin and Black turn to Ron.      He holds Scabbers
      protectively.

                                 RON

                   What are you going to do to him?
      Sirius and Lupin exchange a glance.

                                SIRIUS BLACK

                   Together.
      With that, Lupin takes out his wand and, as one, he and
      Black cast a stream of BLUE-WHITE LIGHT. Scabbers twists
      madly in midair, then -- FLASH! -- transforms into... a
      very short man with thinning hair and grubby hands.

      PETER PETTIGREW.


                                 PETTIGREW

                   S-Sirius... R-Remus. My old
                   friends.
      Neither speaks. Pettigrew's small, watery eyes dart
      toward the windows and door. Suddenly, he makes a
      break for it, but Sirius merely shoves him back.
      Pettigrew's nose twitches, his gaze finding Harry. His
      hands flutter nervously, reveal a MISSING INDEX FINGER.

                                 PETTIGREW

                   Harry! Look at you! Y-you look
                   just like your father. Like
                   James. We were the best of
                   friends, he and I --

                                SIRIUS BLACK

                   Shut up!

                                 PETTIGREW

                   I didn't mean to! The Dark Lord,
                   you have no idea the weapons he
                   possesses! Ask yourself what you
                   would have done, Sirius. What
                   would you have done!

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                             99.





114   CONTINUED:    (7)                                              114





                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   Died! Died rather than betray my
                   friends! And you should have
                   realized, Peter, if Voldemort
                   didn't kill you...

                                PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   We would.

                                 PETTIGREW

                   No... please... you can't...
                           (eyes darting,
                            finding)
                   Ron! Haven't I been a good
                   friend? A good pet? You won't
                   let them kill me, will you? I was
                   your rat...
      Ron draws back in disgust.     Pettigrew turns to Hermione.

                                 PETTIGREW

                   Sweet girl. Clever girl.   Surely
                   you won't let them...
      As one, Lupin and Black raise their wands, point them
      directly into Pettigrew's face. He shrinks back
      trembling, closing his eyes in fear, when...

                                HARRY

                   No.
      Pettigrew's lids lift.    Lupin and Black turn.   Staggered.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Harry, this man...

                                 HARRY

                   I know what he is. But we'll take
                   him to the castle.

                                 PETTIGREW

                   Bless you, boy! Bless you --

                                 HARRY

                   Get off! I said we'd take you to
                   the castle. After that, the
                   Dementors can have you.




115   OMITTED                                                        115


&                                                                    &


116                                                                  116





                                                           100.





117   EXT. WHOMPING WILLOW - NIGHT (LATER)                        117




      As Pettigrew emerges from the gap, he prattles
      desperately:

                              PETTIGREW

                Turn me into a maggot. A dung
                beetle. A Flobberworm! Anything
                but the Dementors...
                        (as Ron emerges)
                Ron! Haven't I been a good
                friend? A good pet? You won't
                let them kill me, will you? I was
                your rat...
      As Ron draws back in disgust, a sleepwalking Snape BUMPS
      his head against a low limb. Hermione turns to Harry.

                              HERMIONE

                Don't worry. He's under the
                Somnambulist Charm. It's
                primarily used to transport the
                seriously deranged.
      As Harry nods, Pettigrew's pleading eyes find Hermione.

                              PETTIGREW

                Sweet girl. Clever girl.     Surely
                you won't let them...
      Hermione tugs her robes from Pettigrew's sweaty grasp.
      Harry turns, sees Black staring in wonder at the castle,
      shining radiantly under the bright bowl of the night sky.

                              SIRIUS BLACK

                Beautiful, isn't it? I'll never
                forget the first time I walked
                through those doors. It'll be
                nice to do it again. Freely.
                        (turning to Harry)
                That was a noble thing you did
                back there. He doesn't deserve
                it.
      Harry studies Pettigrew briefly, looks away.    Lost in
      thought.

                              HARRY

                I don't reckon my father'd want
                his best friends to become killers
                for a worthless piece of vermin
                like Pettigrew. Besides: Dead,
                the truth dies with him. Alive...
                you're free.

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                             101.





117   CONTINUED:                                                    117




      Sirius studies Harry's profile, moved by this.

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   I don't know if you know, Harry,
                   but when you were born, James and
                   Lily made me your guardian...

                                 HARRY

                   I know.

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   And, well, I'll understand if you
                   choose to stay with your aunt and
                   uncle, but, so you know, you
                   could --

                                 HARRY

                                         When!
                   Come live with you?

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   Soon as my name's cleared...
      Harry looks at Hogwarts. GRINS. Sirius does the same.
      Then, Hermione's voice rises on the air, quavering with
      fear.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Harry...
      He turns, see Hermione staring at the FULL MOON. His
      eyes shift. Lupin is a rigid silhouette, his fingers
      twitching.

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   Remus, old friend... did you take
                   your potion tonight?
      Lupin, twitching, SHAKES HIS HEAD. Pettigrew's eyes
      dart, taking in the situation, then slowly shift, note
      the WAND trembling in LUPIN'S LENGTHENING FIST.

                                  SIRIUS BLACK

                   Run.   All of you. Now.
      But none of them do, transfixed, watching as BRISTLES
      POKE THROUGH LUPIN'S SKIN. Black steps forward, wraps
      his arms around his friend, presses his mouth to his ear.

                                 SIRIUS BLACK

                   You know the man you truly are,
                   Remus. This flesh is only flesh.

                                 (MORE)


                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                             102.





117   CONTINUED:    (2)                                             117




                           SIRIUS BLACK (CONT'Dpounding Lupin's
                            chest)
                   This heart is where you truly
                   live. This heart! Here!



      As Lupin's WAND DROPS... Pettigrew LEAPS.

                                   HARRY

                   No!
                           (flashing his wand)
                   Expelliarmus!
      Lupin's wand flies from Pettigrew's hand and he FREEZES.
      Then slowly turns. Face blank, eyes closed, he... GRINS
      HIDEOUSLY. Transforms. Stunned, Harry watches a RAT
      dart into the night.
      A HOWL PIERCES THE AIR and Harry wheels. With a shrug,
      Lupin tosses Black into the air, then turns. He is no
      longer human. He's a werewolf. Harry and Hermione begin
      to edge back.

                                   HERMIONE

                   Professor...?
      The WEREWOLF'S eyes blaze. Long teeth glitter. Then...
      a horrifying GROWL ERUPTS from its throat. Harry and
      Hermione spin, begin to flee... and run flat into Snape.
      As they collapse in a great clumsy pile, Snape's eyes
      flutter open, the spell broken. Seeing Hermione atop
      him, he sweeps her aside...

                                 SNAPE

                   Out of the way!
      ... and finds the werewolf preparing to pounce. Leaping
      to his feet, Snape draws his wand and steps forward,
      shielding Hermione, Harry and Ron.
      The WEREWOLF HOWLS, SPRINTS forward, when -- SWOOSH! -- a
      GIANT DOG (Black) intercepts it in MIDAIR. They hit the
      ground in a FIERCE TANGLE of FLASHING TEETH, a single
      horrible flailing beast. Again and again, the dog pushes
      the werewolf back, but the werewolf is too strong...

                                   HARRY

                   Sirius!
      The DOG YELPS, ROARS in pain, and the werewolf flings it
      into the tall grass. As it charges after, Harry pushes
      past Snape, dashes into the night. Hermione makes to
      follow, but Snape holds her back.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                               103.





117    CONTINUED:    (3)                                              117





                                 HERMIONE

                    Harry!
       Harry runs full out. Up ahead, FRAMED AGAINST A FULL
       MOON, he spies the dog, lying inert, the werewolf's
       razor-sharp claws suspended over its neck.

                                 HARRY


                    NO!!!

       Desperately, Harry plucks a THICK BRANCH from the ground
       and hurls it with all his might. Bull's-eye. The
       werewolf freezes. Turns. Begins to move toward...
       Harry.
       Harry draws his wand, terrified, but tormented as well,
       knowing Lupin dwells somewhere within the beast.

                                  HARRY

                    Please, Professor. Stop... It's
                    me.
       Suddenly... a HOWL pierces the night.
       The werewolf falters, cocking its head toward the forest.
       Harry waits, petrified. The WEREWOLF's eyes shift back
       to him. It SNARLS, moves closer, ready to kill. Harry
       covers his face with his arm, when...
       ... a SECOND HOWL ECHOES high above the forest. Slowly,
       Harry drops his arm. Looks. The werewolf bounds toward
       the forest, vanishes. Harry's eyes shift. In the
       darkness, the wounded dog lurches through the tall grass.
       Falls. Rises. Falls again. Each time becoming more
       human. As he disappears over the ridge, Harry sprints
       after.




117A   EXT. BLACK LAKE - SAME TIME - NIGHT                            117A

       Harry stumbles down to Black, who lies on the water's
       edge, now fully a man, arms and face gleaming with
       lacerations.

                                 HARRY

                    Sirius!
       Harry looks into his glassy eyes.

                                 HARRY

                    Sirius!

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                               104.





117A   CONTINUED:                                                     117A




       A fragile MIST escapes Harry's mouth. A raw WIND TOSSES
       his hair. CHILL-BUMPS pebble his SKIN. A FRINGE of ICE
       appears at the lake's edge. Then they appear, oozing
       like smoke through the TREES across the lake. Dementors.




                                  HARRY

                    No... No!
                            (drawing his wand)
                    Expecto... Patronum!
       A thin silvery wisp weeps from Harry's wand, hovering
       like a VEIL, but the Dementors continue to come. Harry
       places his hand on Black's HEAVING HEART, poises his wand
       once more:

                                  HARRY

                    Expecto... Patronum...
       Harry's Patronus blooms briefly... and dies. Harry's
       eyes flutter, the DEMENTORS twisting madly in his vision,
       drawing closer. Black GASPS. SILVERY FEATHERS of LIGHT
       tumble from his lips, as if his very soul were leaving
       him...
       Then... a LIGHT splinters the trees. Harry squints, sees
       a FIERY STAG appear... its body luminous... slashing
       through the trees... sowing light in the darkness. The
       Dementors wilt in its wake, but more replace them,
       sweeping down in waves. Still, the stag charges on. The
       LIGHT EXPANDS. The forest blazing with it. The remaining
       Dementors flee, drifting across the moon like ash.
       The light ebbs. The stag's luminous body flickers.
       There is a BRIGHT FLASH and darkness returns, a single
       THREAD of LIGHT all that remains, spinning down to the
       size of a PEARL... in the palm of MAN, standing deep in
       the trees. Harry studies the strangely familiar
       SILHOUETTE, then... it is gone.
       Silence drops like a curtain. MIST rises from the lake.
       As Snape appears at the top of the rise, we --

                                              FADE TO BLACK.





       FADE IN:


118    INT. HOSPITAL WING - NIGHT (LATER)                             118

       CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY... out of HERMIONE'S SHADOW,
       which ripples against the curtain that encircles Harry's
       bed. A HAND reaches out -- Harry's hand -- and sweeps
       the CURTAIN ASIDE. Ron lies opposite, his leg BANDAGED.
       Hermione paces. Stops.

                                                  (CONTINUED)





                                                              105.





118   CONTINUED:                                                     118





                                   HERMIONE

                   Harry --

                                   HARRY

                   I saw my dad.

                                   HERMIONE

                   What...?

                                 HARRY

                   He sent the Dementors away... I
                   saw him. Across the lake...
      Hermione exchanges a private glance with Ron, turns back.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Listen, Harry. They've captured
                   Sirius. Any minute the Dementors
                   are going to perform the Kiss.

                                   HARRY

                   The Kiss...?

                                 HERMIONE

                   It's what Dementors do to those
                   they want to destroy. They clamp
                   their jaws over the victim's mouth
                   and... suck out his soul.

                                 HARRY

                   You mean, they're going to kill
                   Sirius?

                                 HERMIONE

                   No. It's worse. Much worse. You
                   go on living. But you have no
                   memory. No sense of self. You're
                   just a shall. An empty shell...
      As Harry reacts, the door opens and Dumbledore enters.

                                HERMIONE

                   Headmaster! You've got to stop
                   them! They've got the wrong man!

                                 HARRY

                   It's true, sir. Sirius is
                   innocent --

                                 RON

                   It's Scabbers who did it!

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                              106.





118   CONTINUED:    (2)                                              118





                                  DUMBLEDORE

                   Scabbers...?

                                   RON

                   My rat,   sir. Only he's not really
                             Well, he was a rat. You
                   a rat.
                   see, he   used to be my brother
                   Percy's   --

                                 HERMIONE

                   The point is... we know the truth.
                   Please, sir, you must believe us.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   I do, Miss Granger. But I'm sorry
                   to say the word of three thirteen-
                   year-old wizards will convince few
                   others. A child's voice, however
                   honest and true, is meaningless to
                   those who have forgotten how to
                   listen.
      As Dumbledore turns to the window, a SHOOTING STAR
      plummets silently through the sky.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Ah... a shooting star. If ever
                   one was to make a wish, now would
                   be the time. But time, I'm
                   afraid, is precisely our
                   problem...
      On cue, the MIDNIGHT BELL begins to CHIME... DING!...

      DING!


                                  DUMBLEDORE

                   Mysterious thing, time. Powerful.
                   And, when meddled with...
                   dangerous. Sirius Black is in the
                   topmost cell of the Dark Tower.
                            (to Hermione)
                   You know the laws, Miss Granger.
                   You must not be seen. And you
                   would, I feel, do well to return
                   before this last chime. If not...
                   well, the consequences are really
                   too ghastly to discuss. Three
                   turns should do it, I think. If
                   you succeed, more than one
                   innocent life may be spared
                   tonight.

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                                107.





118   CONTINUED:    (3)                                                118




      Dumbledore hands Harry and Hermione each a stick of
      CHOCOLATE, then starts to go... stops.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   By the way, when in doubt, I find
                   retracing my steps to be a wise
                   place to begin... Good luck.
      He smiles, exits.      Harry glances curiously at the
      chocolate.

                                 RON

                   What in bloody hell was all that
                   about?
      But Hermione doesn't reply, instead looping the pendant's
      long chain around Harry's neck as well as her own.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Sorry, Ron. But seeing as you
                   can't walk...
      As Ron and Harry exchange a curious glance, the BELL
      continues to CHIME -- DING! DING! -- and...




119   INT. HOSPITAL WING - TIME REVERSAL - NIGHT/LATE                  119


      AFTERNOON

      TIME REVERSES in a dizzying backward blur, as if a tape
      were being rewound, every moment that occurred in the
      hospital room flickering by at a dizzying speed while,
      outside the window, darkness gives way to dusk and the
      sun "un-sets," returning to its place low on the horizon.
      At this point, the TIME REVERSAL ends and the room is...
      Empty. Except for Harry and Hermione. As Hermione
      unloops the necklace, Harry glances around in confusion.

                                 HARRY

                   What just happened?    Where's Ron?
      Hermione ignores the question, eyes the CLOCK on the
      wall.

                                   HERMIONE

                   Seven-thirty.    Where were we at
                   seven-thirty?

                                  HARRY

                   Huh?   Dunno... going to Hagrid's?

                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                                 108.





119    CONTINUED:                                                       119





                                   HERMIONE

                    Come on!   We can't be seen!
       Hermione grabs Harry's arm, slams through the door.







120    OMITTED                                                          120

thru                                                                    thru

122                                                                     122








123    EXT. BRIDGE - LATE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS LATER)                     123




       Harry and Hermione come to a mad, huffing halt.

                                  HARRY

                    Hermione! Will you please tell me
                    what it is we're doing?!
       She holds up a hand, silencing him. Annoyed, Harry
       follows her gaze and BLINKS in DISBELIEF. Across the
       grounds...




124    EXT. SUNDIAL GARDEN - SAME TIME - LATE AFTERNOON                 124

       ... he sees himself, along with Hermione and Ron, about
       to confront Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle near the monoliths.

                                  HARRY

                    But that... that's... us.      This is
                    not... normal.

       INTERCUT BETWEEN BRIDGE AND SUNDIAL GARDEN.

       Dumbfounded, Harry turns.     Hermione holds up the HOURGLASS.

                                  HERMIONE

                    This is a Time-Turner, Harry.
                    McGonagall gave it to me first
                    term. This is how I've been
                    getting to my lessons all year.

                                  HARRY

                    You mean, we've gone back in time?

                                  HERMIONE

                    Yes. Dumbledore wanted us to
                    return to this moment. Clearly
                    something happened he wants us to
                    change.

                                                        (CONTINUED)





                                                               109.





124   CONTINUED:                                                      124




      A soft SMACK is HEARD. They turn, see Malfoy land on
      the seat of his pants in the Sundial Garden, rub his
      kisser.




                                 HARRY

                           (in admiration)
                   Good punch.

                                  HERMIONE

                   Hurry!   Malfoy's coming!
      Hermione pulls Harry under the bridge.       Seconds later,
      FOOTSTEPS CLAMOR over their heads.

                                 DRACO (O.S.)

                   Not a word of this to anyone,
                   understood! I'll get that jumped-
                   up Mudblood one of these days.
                   Mark my words...
      Eyes narrowed in anger, Hermione leans out, reaches up,
      and sends Malfoy SPRAWLING. As Harry pulls her back,
      Malfoy looks around in confusion, then dashes off with
      the others.
      Seconds later, Harry emerges, marvels at the sight
      of himself and Hermione, and Ron heading down the
      slope to Hagrid's hut. His eyes shift to the pumpkin
      patch.

                                   HARRY

                   Look.    Buckbeak's still alive.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Of course! Remember what
                   Dumbledore said. If we succeed,
                   more than one innocent life could
                   be spared.

                                 HARRY

                   Buckbeak? But... how will saving
                   Buckbeak help Sirius?

                                  HERMIONE

                   We'll see.




125   EXT. HAGRID'S HUT - PUMPKIN PATCH - LATE AFTERNOON/DUSK         125

      As Buckbeak feasts on a ferret, Harry and Hermione duck
      behind a pile of pumpkins. Peering into the hut, Harry
      sees Hermione and Ron embrace awkwardly.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                               110.





125   CONTINUED:                                                      125




      He grins, turns, only to find Hermione analyzing the
      moment with considerable fascination. Caught -- regards
      Harry defensively.




                                 HERMIONE

                   What?

                                 HARRY

                   Nothing.
      Harry looks toward the slope, sees Fudge and the others
      approaching in a CLOUD of CROWS.

                                 HARRY

                   Here they come. I better hurry.

                                 HERMIONE

                   No! Fudge has to see Buckbeak
                   before we steal him. Otherwise,
                   he'll think Hagrid set him free!
      Harry nods, then looks toward the hut.     Inside, Hagrid is
      handing Scabbers to Ron.

                                 HARRY

                   That's Pettigrew --
      As he starts to rise, Hermione grabs him, speaks
      fiercely.

                                  HERMIONE

                   No, Harry!   You can't!

                                 HARRY

                   Hermione, that's the man who
                   betrayed my parents! You don't
                   expect me to just sit here...

                                  HERMIONE

                   Yes!  You Must!
                           (pointing inside)
                   Harry, you're in Hagrid's hut
                   right now. If you go bursting
                   inside, you'll think you've gone
                   mad. Awful things can happen when
                   wizards meddle with time. We
                   can't be seen.
      Hermione turns, watches Fudge and the others drawing
      closer. She frowns, glances into the hut.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                               111.





125   CONTINUED:    (2)                                               125





                                 HERMIONE

                   Fudge is coming and... we're not
                   leaving... why aren't we leaving?



      Just then... on the ground beside her... Hermione notices
      a JAGGED STAR-SHAPED STONE. Instantly, she grabs it,
      rises, and hurls it through the OPEN WINDOW. SMASH! The
      sound of a GLASS JAR SHATTERING is heard within the hut.

                                  HARRY

                   Are you mad?
      Hermione ignores him, swiftly whistling a second stone
      through the window and -- CONK! -- off the back of
      Harry's head.

                                  HARRY

                   That hurt.

                                  HERMIONE

                   Sorry.
      Crows begin to drop atop the roof.     Fudge's party
      arrives, RAPS on the door.

                                 HERMIONE

                   C'mon. Any minute now we're going
                   to be coming out the back door.
      Quickly, Hermione and Harry dash into the trees directly
      behind... just in time to see themselves -- along with
      Ron -- exit the back door and slip behind the pumpkin
      pile where, only seconds before, they were hiding. As
      Fudge appears at the window and picks his nose as before,
      Hermione ponders the back of her own head.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Is that really what my hair looks
                   like from the back?

                                  HARRY

                   Shhh!
      Hermione sees herself turn. Ducking, she accidentally
      stirs the branches, then peeks out and sees herself
      staring curiously at the branches DANCING ODDLY. Next
      she hears her own voice:

                                 HERMIONE (O.S.)

                   Nothing, I just thought I saw...
                   Never mind.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                            112.





125   CONTINUED:    (3)                                            125




      Harry and Hermione watch themselves start up the slope.
      The coast clear, they slip out of the trees.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Now, Harry!
      As Harry vaults into the patch, the CROWS STIR, CAWING at
      his ankles, pecking at his feet.

                                 CORNELIUS FUDGE (O.S.)

                   'It is the decision of the
                   Committee for the Disposal of
                   Dangerous Creatures that the
                   Hippogriff Buckbeak, hereafter
                   called the condemned, shall be
                   executed this day at sundown...'
      As Harry approaches, Buckbeak studies him curiously, a
      ferret leg dangling from his beak. Harry bows. SLURP!
      The ferret leg disappears and Buckbeak returns Harry's
      nod. As Harry takes Buckbeak's chain... a flint-eyed
      crow PECKS his hand.

                                 HARRY

                   Get away!
      Harry waves the crow away, yanks hard on Buckbeat's
      chain.

                                 CORNELIUS FUDGE (O.S.)

                   'The Committee's appointed
                   executioner shall dispatch the
                   condemned by means of
                   beheading...'

                                 HARRY

                   C'mon, Buckbeak. Come on...
      Buckbeak refuses to move.

                                 CORNELIUS FUDGE (O.S.)

                   'As witnessed below.' You sign
                   here, Hagrid. Very well,
                   gentlemen. Let's step outside,
                   shall we...
      DING! The Hogwarts BELL begins to TOLL. Harry and
      Hermione exchange a glance. Harry tugs harder. No go.

                                 DUMBLEDORE (O.S.)

                   Excuse me, Minister. I believe I
                   must sign as well...

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                               113.





125   CONTINUED:    (4)                                               125




      Harry PULLS at the chain, straining mightily...
      DING! when Hermione POPS UP, BOWS QUICKLY, and dangles a
      dead ferret before Buckbeak.




                                 HERMIONE

                   Here, Beaky... Come and get the
                   nice dead ferret... yum yum...
      Harry looks at her as if she's mad, but it's... working.
      As Buckbeak trots after, the CAWING CROWS scatter.

      DING!

      Harry and Hermione lead Buckbeak away when the back door
      suddenly opens. They freeze... caught... Fudge's eyes
      drifting their way, when -- as before -- Dumbledore
      raises his hand and directs the attention of the others
      away from Buckbeak.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Professor Dippet had those
                   blackberries planted when he was
                   Headmaster...
      Harry and Hermione shoo Buckbeak along, disappear into
      the forest... just as Dumbledore concludes his reverie.

                                 CORNELIUS FUDGE

                   Let's get this over with, shall
                   we?
      Harry and Hermione -- their view unobstructed by the LOW
      STAND OF TREES this time -- watch the Executioner
      approach the pumpkin patch... and stop. Quickly, the
      confusion in his masked eyes turns to anger.

                                 CORNELIUS FUDGE

                   But... where is it? I just saw
                   the beast not moments ago --
                   Hagrid?

                                HAGRID

                   Beaky...
      Hearing Hagrid's husky voice, BUCKBEAK strains at his
      tether, WHIMPERS eerily. Hermione tosses him another
      ferret.

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                           (a hint of amusement)
                   How extraordinary!

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                          114.





125   CONTINUED:    (5)                                           125





                                 CORNELIUS FUDGE

                   Come now, Dumbledore. Someone's
                   obviously released him.




                                 HAGRID

                   Professor, I swear! I didn't!

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   I'm quite sure the Minister isn't
                   suggesting that you had anything
                   to do with it, Hagrid. How could
                   you? You've been with us all
                   along.

                                 CORNELIUS FUDGE

                   We should search the grounds --

                                 DUMBLEDORE

                   Search the skies if you must,
                   Minister. In the meantime, I
                   wouldn't say no to a cup of tea,
                   Hagrid. Or... a large brandy.
                           (to the Executioner)
                   It seems your services will no
                   longer be required.
      The Executioner lifts his blade and -- with a brutal fury
      -- plunges it into the flesh of a PUMPKIN with a

      SICKENING CHOP!

      The CROWS SCATTER to the skies.




126   EXT. FORBIDDEN FOREST - DUSK (MOMENTS LATER)                126

      Harry and Hermione race through the trees as Buckbeak
      lopes easily behind.

                                HARRY

                   Now what?

                                 HERMIONE

                   We save Sirius.

                                 HARRY

                   And we do that... how?

                                HERMIONE

                   No idea.







127   EXT. EDGE OF FOREST AT WHOMPING WILLOW - DUSK               127

      SUBJECTIVE POV, GLIDING THROUGH a thicket of trees, TO
      the forest's edge, the trees thinning, REVEALING...




                                                             115.





127A   EXT. EDGE OF FOREST AT WHOMPING WILLOW - DUSK                127A




       ... the Whomping Willow THRASHING. Hermione disappears
       down the hole, then a FIGURE approaches the tree. Lupin.

       INTERCUT.





                                  HERMIONE

                   Look.   It's Lupin.
       As the Whomping Willow begins to thrash, its violence
       oddly muted at this distance, Lupin takes a stick, pokes
       a knot on the trunk. Instantly, the Willow calms.

                                 HARRY

                   Wait until Fred and George hear
                   about that one.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Here comes Snape.
       As Lupin disappears into the gap at the base of the tree,
       Snape makes his way down the slope.

                                 HARRY

                   And now we wait.

                                  HERMIONE

                   Now we wait.




127B   EXT. EDGE OF FOREST AT WHOMPING WILLOW - DUSK TO NIGHT       127B


       (LATER)

       We look UPWARD, see the tops of the trees etched against
       the darkening sky. BATS fly TOWARD us. We FOLLOW one,
       when Buckbeak snags one. A tail twitches briefly between
       his beak, then -- SLURP! -- is gone.

                                 HERMIONE

                   'Least someone's enjoying himself.
       Harry and Hermione sit together in the lengthening
       shadows. Harry snaps off a piece of chocolate, hands it
       to Hermione.

                                  HARRY

                   Hermione...

                                  HERMIONE

                   Yes?

                                                     (CONTINUED)





                                                                116.





127B   CONTINUED:                                                      127B





                                  HARRY

                    Before. Down by the lake. When I
                    was with Sirius... I did see
                    someone... that someone made the
                    Dementors go away...

                                  HERMIONE

                    With a Patronus. I heard Snape
                    telling Dumbledore when we were
                    taken to the hospital. According
                    to him, only a really powerful
                    wizard could have conjured it.

                                    HARRY

                    It was my Dad.
       Hermione looks at Harry.

                                  HARRY

                    It was my Dad who conjured the
                    Patronus.

                                  HERMIONE

                    But, Harry, your Dad's...

                                  HARRY

                    Dead. I know. I'm just telling
                    you what I saw.
       Hermione nods, not wanting to press Harry further, then
       glances beyond the trees, toward the Whomping Willow.

                                    HERMIONE

                    Here we come.




128    EXT. EDGE OF FOREST AT WHOMPING WILLOW - NIGHT                  128

       SHADOWS emerge under a FULL MOON: Black. Harry.
       Pettigrew. Lupin. Hermione. Ron. Sleepwalking
       Snape...

       INTERCUT:

       Harry studies himself and Sirius.

                                  HARRY

                    You see Sirius talking to me?
                    He's asking me to come live with
                    him.

                                    HERMIONE

                    Really?

                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                              117.





128   CONTINUED:                                                     128




      Harry nods, his voice wistful.

                                 HARRY

                   When we free him, I'll never have
                   to go back to the Dursley's. I'm
                   going to tell him I'd like to live
                   someplace in the country. I think
                   he'd like that, after all those
                   years in Azkaban. We don't need a
                   big place and I can help him...
      A HOWL pierces the night.      Hermione glances toward the
      Willow.

                                 HERMIONE

                   It's happened.  Lupin's
                   transformed.

                                 HARRY

                   Which means Pettigrew is slipping
                   safely into the night. While we
                   just stand here...
      A FIERCE GROWLING is heard as twin silhouettes -- the DOG
      and the WEREWOLF -- bound into the tall grass. Harry
      watches himself appear, hurl the stick as before. The
      werewolf turns, begins to stalk...
      OWWWWWWWWW! Harry wheels, sees Hermione, hands cupped to
      her mouth, making a loud HOWL. He covers her mouth.

                                 HARRY

                   What are you doing?

                                 HERMIONE

                   Saving your life.
      Harry looks back to the tall grass. The werewolf is
      frozen. As before, it begins to approach Harry again.
      OWWWWWWWW!     This time, Harry doesn't stop her.

                                  HARRY

                   Thanks.   But we have to move.

                                 HERMIONE

                   Why?

                                 HARRY

                   Because that werewolf you just
                   called is running right this way.
      They exchange a glance and... RUN.




                                                                 118.





129    OMITTED                                                          129


&                                                                       &


130                                                                     130





130A   EXT. FOREST - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)                              130A




       Harry and Hermione dash for the lives, swing behind a
       HUGE TREE. As CAMERA BEGINS TO CIRCLE, the werewolf
       appears. Pauses. As it approaches the tree, Harry and
       Hermione silently sidestep in the opposite direction,
       until the werewolf... disappears. CAMERA CONTINUES TO
       CIRCLE the tree...

                                   HERMIONE

                    Buckbeak.   We've got to find him.
       ... and REVEALS the werewolf, fifteen feet past, waiting.
       As Harry and Hermione step out, they freeze. The
       werewolf poises itself, preparing to pounce, when...
       SKREEEK! The TREES shake with the fury of a HURRICANE
       and Buckbeak charges into the clearing, screening Harry
       and Hermione. The WEREWOLF SNARLS ANGRILY, makes to
       charge. With lightning-fast reflexes, Buckbeak's claws
       slash the air... only inches from the werewolf's face.
       The werewolf stops, eyes glittering with rage, then...
       HOWLS. Turning, it vanishes into the forest.

                                  HERMIONE

                    Poor Professor Lupin is having a
                    really tough night...
       Just then, a CHILL WIND rises...
       The LEAVES of the trees TREMBLE...
       EERIE SHADOWS flutter over the moon, greasy as smoke...
       Dementors.

                                  HARRY

                    Let's go.

                                                       CUT TO:








       MOVING POV

       Looking UPWARD... THROUGH the trees as the sky wheels by,
       Dementors streaking IN AND OUT OF VIEW.




130B   EXT. EDGE OF FOREST AT BLACK LAKE - NIGHT (MOMENTS               130B


       LATER)

       CAMERA RUSHES IN, HOLDS ON Harry and Hermione's faces.

                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                               119.





130B   CONTINUED:                                                     130B




       Shocked.
       Terror-stricken.



       Opposite them, across the lake...




130C   EXT. BLACK LAKE - SAME TIME                                    130C

       ... a CYCLONE of DEMENTORS whirl madly above Harry and
       Black.

       INTERCUT BETWEEN BLACK LAKE AND EDGE OF FOREST.

       Harry watches himself vainly attempt to conjure a
       Patronus as the cyclone only continues to grow...

                                  HERMIONE

                    This is horrible...

                                  HARRY

                    Don't worry. My Dad will come...
                    Right there... you'll see... he'll
                    come... any minute... he'll
                    conjure the Patronus
       Hermione eyes Harry warily. He is transfixed, staring
       hungrily toward the outcrop. The WIND RISES. The Lake
       begins to freeze. WHOOSH! WHOOSH! One after another,
       Dementors drop from the sky, vanish in the cyclone...

                                  HERMIONE

                    No one's coming, Harry...

                                   HARRY

                    HE WILL!   He will come!
       She looks. Nothing. Desperately, her eyes flash to the
       cyclone, to the pitiful sight of Harry and Black at the
       water's edge... wracked with pain... dying...

                                  HERMIONE

                    No one's coming! You're dying,
                    both of you... and no one's
                    coming!
       Harry's face changes.     A riddle unravels.   He draws his
       wand.

                                  HERMIONE


                    HARRY, NO!


                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                              120.





130C   CONTINUED:                                                    130C




       Too late. Harry slashes through the trees, down to the
       rocky outcrop, to the exact spot where his father
       appeared. Poising his wand, he looks out over the sea of
       Dementors on the other side of the lake.




                                  HARRY


                    EXPECTO PATRONUM!

       A WISP of SILVER escapes his wand, hovering like a MIST,
       then BLOOMS MAGNIFICENTLY. The trees EXPLODE WITH LIGHT.
       The Lake BLAZES with reflected FIRE. Harry stands
       utterly still, wand extended to the heavens. Across the
       lake, the Dementors retreat. Harry waits, still as a
       statue, until each and every one is gone.
       Then he simply lets his arm drop.




131    EXT. HOGWARTS - SKY - FLYING - NIGHT (LATER)                  131

       WHOOSH! Harry and Hermione plunge INTO FRAME astride
       Buckbeak, SOARING toward the castle. Outside the
       grounds, the Dementors wait restlessly. Up ahead, Fudge
       and Snape enter the Dark Tower, TORCHES in hand.

                                  HARRY

                    You were right, Hermione. It
                    wasn't my dad I saw earlier. It
                    was... me. I saw myself conjuring
                    the Patronus before. I knew I
                    could do it this time, because...
                    because I'd already done it. Does
                    that make sense?
       Hermione contemplates this.

                                  HERMIONE

                    No.
                            (looking down
                             in fear)
                    But I don't like this!




132    EXT. HOGWARTS - DARK TOWER - WIDE SHOT - NIGHT (MOMENTS       132


       LATER)

       We see Buckbeak land.

                                                    CUT TO:





133    EXT. DARK TOWER - TERRACE - NIGHT                             133

       Sirius paces within a SMALL CELL, a man condemned.
       Spying Harry and Hermione, he stops. Stunned to see
       them.




                                                           121.





134   INT. DARK TOWER - STAIRWELL - NIGHT (SAME TIME)              134




      Snape, TORCH in hand, leads the way as Fudge HUFFS after.




135   EXT. DARK TOWER - TERRACE - NIGHT (SAME TIME)                135




      Hermione pushes past Harry.

                                HERMIONE

                  Out of the way!
                          (raising her wand)
                  Alohomora!
      Sirius tests the IRON DOOR.    Still locked.

                                HERMIONE

                  Didn't really expect that to work.







136   EXT. DARK TOWER - STAIRWELL - NIGHT (SAME TIME)              136

      Snape and Fudge draw closer...




137   EXT. DARK TOWER - TERRACE - NIGHT (SAME TIME)                137

      Wand flashing, Hermione tries spell after spell.

                               HERMIONE

                  Dunamis! Liberare! Annihilare!
                  Emancipare!
      No.   No.   No.   No.

                                SIRIUS BLACK

                  You might try --

                                 HERMIONE

                  Quiet!   I'm trying to think.
      She resumes pacing, MUTTERING furiously.    Then... stops.
      Turns.

                              HERMIONE


                BOMBARDA!

      KA-BOOM!    The CELL DOOR ROCKETS to the sky.

                                SIRIUS BLACK

                  That'll do.




138   EXT. SKY/HOGWARTS - HELICOPTER SHOT - NIGHT                  138

      We see Buckbeak spirit Harry, Hermione and Sirius off the
      terrace and soar directly TOWARD us... Just as Snape and
      Fudge reach the top of the Tower.




                                                           122.





139   EXT. BUCKBEAK - FLYING - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)              139




      Sirius laughs, hair blowing in the wind.

                              SIRIUS BLACK

                You truly are your father's son,
                Harry!




140   EXT. CLOCKTOWER COURTYARD - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)           140

      Black puts his hands to Hermione's waist, swings her off
      Buckbeak and onto the ground next to Harry.

                              SIRIUS BLACK

                I'll be forever grateful for this.
                To both of you.

                              HARRY

                I want to go with you.

                              SIRIUS BLACK

                One day perhaps. For some time...
                life will be too... unpredictable.
                Besides, you're meant to be here.
      Black claps his shoulder, looks him in the eye.

                              SIRIUS BLACK

                But promise me something, Harry.

                              HARRY

                Anything.

                               SIRIUS BLACK

                Trust yourself. No matter the
                challenges you face -- and I fear
                they will be many -- you'll be
                surprised how many times you can
                find the answers...
                         (tapping his heart)
                ...here.
      As Sirius climbs atop Buckbeak, a SHOOTING STAR arcs
      through the heavens.

                              SIRIUS BLACK

                A shooting star. Make a wish.
      WHACK! -- Black gives Buckbeak a SLAP and they soar into
      the glittering sky. Harry and Hermione stand watching,
      when... DING! They wheel. Look to the Clock Tower.

                              HERMIONE

                We have to go.

                                                   (CONTINUED)





                                                               123.





140    CONTINUED:                                                     140




       As Harry and Hermione dash off, CAMERA TRACKS AFTER,
       RISING WITH them as they race up the tower stairway, then
       passing through the mechanism and on through to the end
       of...







141    OMITTED                                                        141

thru                                                                  thru

143                                                                   143








144    INT. CORRIDOR/CLOCK TOWER - NIGHT (MOMENTS LATER)              144




       ... the corridor. The Clock Tower BELL THUNDERS.       The
       DOOR OPENS. Dumbledore backs out...

                                  DUMBLEDORE

                    By the way, when in doubt, I
                    always find retracing my steps to
                    be a wise place to begin... Good
                    luck.
       As Dumbledore begins to close the door, Harry and
       Hermione stumble frantically forward, the door about to
       hit the jamb, when... suddenly... Dumbledore stops.
       Looks up.

                                  DUMBLEDORE

                    Well?

                                  HARRY

                    He's free -- Sirius.   We... we did
                    it.

                                  DUMBLEDORE

                    Did what?
       With a twinkle in his eye, Dumbledore swings open the
       door. As Harry and Hermione enter.




145    INT. HOSPITAL WING - NIGHT (SAME TIME)                         145

       ... they catch the faintest glimpse of... themselves...
       across the room... just as they EVAPORATE. Ron blinks.
       Turns. Frowns.

                                  RON

                    How'd you two get over there? I
                    was just talking to you... over
                    there.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                                 124.





145   CONTINUED:                                                        145




      Ron glances to the other side of the room.       Frowns.
      Hermione glances mischievously to Harry.

                                 HERMIONE

                   What d'you think, Harry? Too much
                   for him -- everything that's
                   happened tonight?

                                 HARRY

                   Afraid so. Always been a bit of
                   the nervous type, Ron has.
      Ron stares at them, confounded.       Slowly, they... GRIN.




146   EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - MORNING                                    146

      The Whomping Willow sways in a light breeze. The Black
      Lake shimmers, clouds drifting in its glassy mirror.







147   INT. CORRIDOR/LUPIN'S OFFICE - MORNING                            147

      Harry walks softly toward an OPEN DOOR -- Lupin's
      office -- and peers in. Lupin stands over a battered
      suitcase, filling it with the last of his books. Without
      turning, he SPEAKS.

                                   PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Hello, Harry.
      Harry JUMPS.     Lupin turns, smiles through haggard eyes.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Saw you coming.
      The Marauder's Map lies open on an otherwise bare desk.
      Harry nods, looks back to Lupin. Unable to disguise his
      shock at Lupin's appearance.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   I've looked worse, believe me.
      Harry eyes the open desk drawers... the bare
      bookshelves...

                                 HARRY

                   You've been sacked.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Resigned, actually.

                                                      (CONTINUED)





                                                             125.





147   CONTINUED:                                                    147





                                  HARRY

                   Resigned!   But why!

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   It seems that someone has let slip
                   the nature of my condition.

                                 HARRY

                   Snape.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Whoever. It was bound to get out.
                   This time tomorrow, the owls will
                   start arriving. Parents will not
                   want a -- someone like me --
                   teaching their children.

                                 HARRY

                   But Dumbledore --

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Has already risked enough on my
                   behalf. Besides, people like me,
                   well... let's just say I'm used to
                   this by now. But before I go,
                   tell me about your Patrons.

                                 HARRY

                   Well. At first I thought it was a
                   horse, or perhaps a unicorn, but I
                   think it was --

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   A stag.

                                 HARRY

                   Yes.

                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Your father used to transform into
                   one. That's how he was able to
                   keep me company when I became...
                   sick. He was a great friend
                   James.
      Lupin smiles wanly, lifts his sorry suitcase. Then
      stops.

                              PROFESSOR LUPIN

      There are stories about him and your mother, you know.
      Some are even true. But I think it's safe to say, in the
      end, you'll know them best by getting to know yourself.
      Lupin then -- with a wicked twinkle -- raises his wand.

                                                    (CONTINUED)





                                                                126.





147   CONTINUED:    (2)                                                147





                                 PROFESSOR LUPIN

                   Mischief managed.
      Harry watches the Map go blank.      Looks back.    Lupin is
      gone.




148   OMITTED                                                          148








149   INT. GREAT HALL - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                            149

      Ron stands amid a circle of excited Gryffindors.




                                 RON

                   Stand back, I said! I'll take it
                   upstairs if you don't settle!
      As Harry arrives, he glances at Hermione, who CLEARS HER
      THROAT LOUDLY. The others turn, begin all speaking at
      once.

                                  NEVILLE

                   Harry!   Wherever did you get it!

                                 SEAMUS

                   Can I have a go, Harry?   After
                   you, of course --

                                 RON

                   Quiet!
                           (as they oblige)
                   Thank you. Let the man through.
      Mystified, Harry steps forward, the boys peeling away,
      clearing his view of the BROOMSTICK in Ron's hands. The

      LABEL GLEAMS: "FIREBOLT."


                                 HARRY

                   Whose is that?

                                 RON

                           (as everyone laughs)
                   Whose is it? It's yours, mate.

                                  HARRY

                                 Who?
                   But... how?

                                 HERMIONE

                   It's a mystery. Though... this
                   fell out of the wrapping.
      Harry turns, sees Hermione holding up a FEATHER.

                                                       (CONTINUED)





                                                                     127.





149   CONTINUED:                                                            149





                                 HARRY

                   That's a Hippogriff feather --
      As Harry stops short, Hermione raises her eyebrow.             As
      they share a secret glance, we...

                                                           CUT TO:





150   INT./EXT. HOGWARTS CASTLE - FRONT DOORS - DAY                         150

      BOOM! The huge vertical DOORS BURST OPEN and Harry,
      trailed by the others, exits with the Firebolt. As he
      strides off, others join the assembly -- Hagrid, Malfoy,
      Crabbe, and Goyle among them -- curious to see what the
      commotion is all about.







151   EXT. COURTYARD - DAY (MOMENTS LATER)                                  151

      As Harry stops, an expectant HUSH hangs over the moment.

                                   SEAMUS

                   Go on, Harry.

                                  NEVILLE

                   Yeah.   Let's see.
      Harry mounts the broom. Licks his finger and jabs it in
      the air. A few others do the same. Hagrid does the
      same. Crabbe and Goyle start to do the same, when Malfoy
      SLAPS their hands down. Finally, Harry places his hand
      on the broom. Sets his grip. Takes a breath. And...
      Frowns.

                                   FRED/GEORGE

                   What's wrong?

                                 HARRY

                   I don't think it works.       I think
                   it's defective.
      A collective GROAN. Dejected, many of the kids begin to
      drift toward the castle. Harry calls after.

                                 HARRY

                   Oh, come on now. It's just a
                   broom.

                                 HAGRID

                           (nodding sagely)
                   Just a broom.

                                                           (CONTINUED)





                                                               128.





151   CONTINUED:                                                      151




      Harry's eye shifts to Ron and Hermione.     A wink.

                                 HARRY

                   The fastest broom in the world.
      As everyone turns -- WHOOSH! -- Harry JETS OFF and we --

                                                     CUT TO:





152   EXT. HIGH IN THE SKY - DAY (SAME TIME)                          152

      A tiny DOT, GROWING LARGER AND LARGER, races upward.
      It's Harry shooting straight into the blue on the
      Firebolt. A SCREAM GROWS LOUDER as he approaches. A
      scream of release, of utter abandon. It's Harry
      screaming. But something else is clear as he JETS PAST
      and...
      The SCREEN GOES BLACK.
      It's a SCREAM of joy.
1    SPACE                                                           

The boundless heavens serve as a back-drop for the MAIN TITLE, followed 
by a ROLL-UP, which crawls into infinity.

Episode VI
RETURN OF THE JEDI

Luke Skywalker has returned to his home planet of Tatooine in an 
attempt to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of theÊvile 
gangster Jabba the Hutt. Little does Luke know that the GALACTIC EMPIRE 
has secretly begun construction on a new armored space station even 
more powerful than the first dreaded Death Star. When completed, this 
ultimate weapon will spell certain doom for the small band of Rebels 
struggling to restore freedom to the galaxy...

PAN DOWN to reveal a monstrous half-completed Death Star, its massive 
superstructure curling away from the completed section like the arms of 
a giant octopus. Beyond, in benevolent contrast, floats the small, 
green moon of ENDOR.

An Imperial Star Destroyer moves overhead toward the massive armored 
space station, followed by two zipping TIE fighters. A small Imperial 
shuttle rockets from the main bay of the ship and hustles toward the 
Death Star.

2    INT IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT 
The shuttle captain makes contact with the Death Star.

SHUTTLE CAPTAIN
Command station, this is ST 321. Code Clearance Blue. We're starting 
our approach. Deactivate the security shield.

DEATH STAR CONTROLLER    (filtered VO)
The security deflector shield will be deactivated when we have 
confirmation of your code transmission. Stand by... You are clear to 
proceed.

SHUTTLE CAPTAIN
We're starting our approach.

3    INT DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

Operators move about among the control panels. A SHIELD OPERATOR hits 
switches beside a large screen, on which is a display of the Death 
Star, the moon Endor, and a bright web delineating the invisible 
deflector shield.

A control officer rushes over to the shield operator.

OFFICER
Inform the commander that Lord Vader's shuttle has arrived.

OPERATOR
Yes, sir.

The control officer moves to a view port and watches as the Imperial 
shuttle lands in the massive docking bay. A squad of Imperial 
stormtroopers moves into formation before the craft.

4    INT DEATH STAR - MAIN DOCKING BAY

The DEATH STAR COMMANDER, MOFF JERJERROD, a tall, confident technocrat, 
strides through the assembled troops to the base of the shuttle ramp. 
The troops snap to attention; many are uneasy about the new arrival. 
But the Death Star commander stands arrogantly tall.

The exit hatch of the shuttle opens with a WHOOSH, revealing only 
darkness. Then, heavy FOOTSTEPS AND MECHANICAL BREATHING. From this 
black void appears DARTH VADER, LORD OF THE SITH. Vader looks over the 
assemblage as he walks down the ramp.

JERJERROD
Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. We're honored by your 
presence.

VADER
You may dispense with the pleasantries, Commander. I'm here to put you 
back on
schedule.

The commander turns ashen and begins to shake.

JERJERROD
I assure you, Lord Vader, my men are working as fast as they can.

VADER
Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them.

JERJERROD
I tell you, this station will be operational as planned.

VADER
The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation.

JERJERROD
But he asks the impossible. I need more men.

VADER
Then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives.

JERJERROD     (aghast)
The Emperor's coming here?

VADER
That is correct, Commander. And he is most displeased with your 
apparent lack of progress.

JERJERROD
We shall double our efforts.

VADER
I hope so, Commander, for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as 
I am.

5    EXT ROAD TO JABBA'S PALACE - TATOOINE

A lonely, windswept road meanders through the desolate Tatooine 
terrain. We HEAR a familiar BEEPING and a distinctive reply before 
catching sight of ARTOO-DETOO and SEE-THREEPIO, making their way along 
the road toward the ominous palace of Jabba the Hutt.

THREEPIO
Of course I'm worried. And you should be, too. Lando Calrissian and 
poor Chewbacca never returned from this awful place.

Artoo whistles timidly.

THREEPIO
Don't be so sure. If I told you half the things I've heard about this 
Jabba the Hutt, you'd probably short-circuit.

The two droids fearfully approach the massive gate to the palace.

THREEPIO
Artoo, are you sure this is the right place? I better knock, I suppose.

6    EXT JABBA'S PALACE - GATE 

Threepio looks around for some kind of signaling device, then timidly 
knocks on the iron door.

THREEPIO     (instantly) 
There doesn't seem to be anyone there. Let's go back and tell Master 
Luke.

A small hatch in the middle of the door opens and a spidery mechanical 
arm, with a large electronic eyeball on the end, pops out and inspects 
the two droids.

STRANGE VOICE
Tee chuta hhat yudd!

THREEPIO
Goodness gracious me!

 Threepio points to Artoo, then to himself.

 THREEPIO
 Artoo Detoowha bo Seethreepiowha ey toota odd mischka Jabba du Hutt.

The eye looks from one robot to the other, there is a laugh then the 
eye zips back into the door. The hatch slams shut. Artoo beeps his 
concern.

THREEPIO
I don't think they're going to let us in, Artoo. We'd better go.

Artoo beeps his reluctance as Threepio turns to leave. Suddenly the 
massive door starts to rise with a horrific metallic SCREECH. The 
robots turn back and face an endless black cavity. The droids look at 
one another, afraid to enter.

Artoo starts forward into the gloom. Threepio rushes after his stubby 
companion. The door lowers noisily behind them.

THREEPIO 
Artoo, wait. Oh, dear! Artoo. Artoo, I really don't think we should 
rush into all this.

Artoo continues down the corridor, with Threepio following.

THREEPIO
Oh, Artoo!  Artoo, wait for me!

7    INT JABBA'S PALACE - HALLWAY

The door slams shut with a loud crash that echoes throughout the dark 
passageway. The frightened robots are met by two giant, green GAMORREAN 
GUARDS, who fall in behind them. Threepio glances quickly back at the 
two lumbering brutes, then back to Artoo. One guard grunts an order. 
Artoo beeps nervously.

THREEPIO
Just you deliver Master Luke's message and get us out of here. Oh my! 
Oh! Oh, no.

Walking toward them out of the darkness is BIB FORTUNA, a humanlike 
alien with long tentacles protruding from his skull.

BIB
Die Wanna Wanga!

THREEPIO
Oh, my! Die Wanna Wauaga. We -- we bring a message to your master, 
Jabba the Hutt.

Artoo lets out a series of quick beeps.

THREEPIO     (cont)
...and a gift.
(thinks a moment, then to Artoo)
Gift, what gift?

Bib shakes his head negatively.

BIB
Nee Jabba no badda. Me chaade su goodie.

Bib holds out his hand toward Artoo and the tiny droid backs up a bit, 
letting out a protesting array of squeaks. Threepio turns to the 
strange-looking alien.

THREEPIO
He says that our instructions are to give it only to Jabba himself.

Bib thinks about this for a moment.

THREEPIO
I'm terribly sorry. I'm afraid he's ever so stubborn about these sort 
of things.

Bib gestures for the droids to follow.

BIB
Nudd Chaa.

The droids follow the tall, tentacled alien into the darkness, trailed 
by the two guards.

THREEPIO
Artoo, I have a bad feeling about this.

8    INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM

The throne room is filled with the vilest, most grotesque CREATURES 
ever conceived in the universe. Artoo and Threepio seem very small as 
they pause in the doorway to the dimly lit chamber. Light shafts 
partially illuminate the drunken courtiers as Bib Fortuna crosses the 
room to the platform upon which rests the leader of this nauseating 
crowd: JABBA THE HUTT. The monarch of the galactic underworld is a 
repulsive blob of bloated fat with a maniacal grin. Chained to the 
horrible creature is the beautiful alien female dancer named OOLA. At 
the foot of the dais sits an obnoxious birdlike creature, SALACIOUS 
CRUMB. Bib whispers something in the slobbering degenerate's ear. Jabba 
laughs horribly, at the two terrified droids before him. Threepio bows 
politely.

THREEPIO
Good morning.

JABBA
Bo Shuda!

The robots jump forward to stand before the repulsive, loose-skinned 
villain.

THREEPIO
The message, Artoo, the message.

Artoo whistles, and a beam of light projects from his domed head, 
creating a hologram of LUKE on the floor. The image grows to over ten 
feet tall, and the young Jedi towers over the space gangsters.

LUKE
Greetings, Exalted One. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Luke 
Skywalker, Jedi Knight and friend to Captain Solo. I know that you are 
powerful, mighty Jabba, and that your anger with Solo must be equally 
powerful. I seek an audience with Your Greatness to bargain for Solo's 
life. 
(Jabba's crowd laughs) 
With your wisdom, I'm sure that we can work out an arrangement which 
will be mutually beneficial and enable us to avoid any unpleasant 
confrontation. As a token of my goodwill, I present to you a gift: 
these two droids.

Threepio is startled by this announcement.

THREEPIO
What did he say?

LUKE     (cont)
... Both are hardworking and will serve you well.

THREEPIO
This can't be! Artoo, you're playing the wrong message.

Luke's hologram disappears.

Jabba laughs while Bib speaks to him in Huttese.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
There will be no bargain.

THREEPIO
We're doomed.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
I will not give up my favorite decoration. I like Captain Solo where he 
is.

Jabba laughs hideously and looks toward an alcove beside the throne. 
Hanging high, flat against the wall, exactly as we saw him last, is a 
carbonized HAN SOLO.

THREEPIO
Artoo, look! Captain Solo. And he's still frozen in carbonite.

9    INT DUNGEON CORRIDOR 

One of Jabba's Gamorrean guards marches Artoo and Threepio down a dank, 
shadowy passageway lined with holding cells. The cries of unspeakable 
creatures bounce off the cold stone walls. Occasionally a repulsive arm 
or tentacle grabs through the bars at the hapless droids. Artoo beeps 
pitifully.

THREEPIO
What could possibly have come over Master Luke. Is it something I did? 
He never expressed any unhappiness with my work. Oh! Oh! Hold it! Ohh!

A large tentacle wraps around Threepio's neck. He manages to break 
free, and they move on to a door at the end of the corridor.

10   INT BOILER ROOM

The door slides open, revealing a room filled with steam and noisy 
machinery. The guard motions them into the boiler room, where they are 
met by a tall, thin humanlike robot named EV-9D9. Behind the robot can 
be seen a torture rack pulling the legs off a screaming baby work 
droid. A second power droid is upside down.  As smoking branding irons 
are pressed into his feet, the stubby robot lets out an agonized 
electronic scream. Artoo and Threepio cringe as the guard grunts to EV-
9D9.

NINEDENINE
Ah, good. New acquisitions. You are a protocol droid, are you not?

THREEPIO
I am See-Threepio, human-cy...

NINEDENINE
Yes or no will do.

THREEPIO
Oh. Well, yes.

NINEDENINE
How many languages do you speak?

THREEPIO
I am fluent in over six million forms of communication, and can 
readily...

NINEDENINE
Splendid! We have been without an interpreter since our master got 
angry with our last protocol droid and disintegrated him.

THREEPIO
Disintegrated?

NINEDENINE     (to a Gamorrean guard)
Guard! This protocol droid might be useful. Fit him with a restraining 
bolt and take him back to His Excellency's main audience chamber.

The guard shoves Threepio toward the door.

THREEPIO     (disappearing)
Artoo, don't leave me! Ohhh!

Artoo lets out a plaintive cry as the door closes. Then he beeps 
angrily.

NINEDENINE
You're a feisty little one, but you'll soon learn some respect. I have 
need for you on the master's Sail Barge. And I think you'll fit in 
nicely.

The poor work droid in the background lets out another tortured 
electronic scream.

11   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM

The court of Jabba the Hutt is in the midst of a drunken, raucous 
party. Sloppy, smelly monsters cheer and make rude noises as Oola and a 
fat female dancer perform in front of Jabba's throne.

Jabba leers at the dancers and with a lustful gleam in his eye beckons 
Oola to come and sit with him. She stops dancing and backs away, 
shaking her head. Jabba gets angry and points to a spot next to him.

JABBA
Da Eitha!

The lovely alien shakes her head again and screams.

OOLA
Na Chuba negatorie Na! Na! Natoota...

Jabba is furious and pulls her toward him, tugging on the chain.

JABBA
Boscka!

He pushes a button and, before the dancer can flee, a trap door in the 
floor springs open and swallows her up. As the door snaps shut, a 
muffled growl is followed by a hideous scream. Jabba and his monstrous 
friends laugh hysterically and several revelers hurry over to watch her 
fate through a grate.

Threepio cringes and glances wistfully at the carbonite form of Han 
Solo, but is immediately distracted by a gunshot offscreen.ÊAn 
unnatural quiet sweeps the boisterous gathering. On the far side of the 
room, the crush of debauchers moves aside to allow the approach of two 
guards followed by BOUSHH, an oddly cloaked bounty hunter, leading his 
captive, Han Solo's copilot, CHEWBACCA THE WOOKIEE.

Bib takes his place next to his disgusting master, and whispers into 
his ear, pointing at Chewbacca and the bounty hunter. Jabba listens 
intently, then the bounty hunter bows before the gangster and speaks a 
greeting in a strange, electronically processed tongue (Ubese).

BOUSHH     (in Ubese subtitled)
I have come for the bounty on this Wookiee.

THREEPIO
Oh, no! Chewbacca!

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
At last we have the mighty Chewbacca.

Jabba lets out a loud, long, blood-curdling laugh and turns to 
Threepio, waving him closer. The reluctant droid obeys.

THREEPIO
Oh, uh, yes, uh, I am here, Your Worshipfulness. Uh... yes!

Jabba continues speaking, as Threepio nervously translates. Boushh 
listens, studying the dangerous creatures around the room. He notices 
BOBA FETT standing near the door.

THREEPIO
Oh. The illustrious Jabba bids you welcome and will gladly pay you the 
reward of twenty-five thousand.

BOUSHH     (in Ubese subtitled)
I want fifty thousand. No less.

Jabba immediately flies into a rage, knocking the golden droid off the 
raised throne into a clattering heap on the floor. Boushh adjusts his 
weapon as Jabba raves in Huttese and Threepio struggles back onto the 
throne. The disheveled droid tries to compose himself.

THREEPIO
Uh, oh... but what, what did I say?
(to Boushh)
Uh, the mighty Jabba asks why he must pay fifty thousand.

The bounty hunter holds up a small silver ball in his hand. Threepio 
looks at it, then looks at Jabba, then back to the bounty hunter. The 
droid is very nervous and Jabba is getting very impatient.

THREEPIO
Because he's holding a thermal detonator.

The guards instantly back away, as do most of the other monsters in the 
room. Jabba stares at the silver ball, which begins to glow in the 
bounty hunter's hand. The room has fallen into a tense hush. Jabba 
stares at the bounty hunter malevolently until a sly grin creeps across 
his vast mouth and he begins to laugh.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
This bounty hunter is my kind of scum. Fearless and inventive.

Jabba continues.

THREEPIO
Jabba offers the sum of thirty-five. And I suggest you take it.

Bib and the other monsters study the bounty hunter and wait for his 
reaction. Boushh releases a switch on the thermal detonator and it goes 
dead.

BOUSHH
Zeebuss.

THREEPIO
He agrees!

The raucous crowd of monsters erupts in a symphony of cheers and 
applause as the party returns to its full noisy pitch. Chewbacca 
growls. As he is led away we spot LANDO CALRISSIAN, disguised as a 
skiff guard in a partial face mask. The band starts up and dancing 
girls take the center of the floor, to the hoots of the loudly 
appreciative creatures.

Boushh leans against a column with gunfighter cool and surveys the 
scene, his gaze stopping only when it connects with a glare from across 
the room. Boba Fett is watching him. Boushh shifts slightly, cradling 
his weapon lovingly. Boba Fett shifts with equally ominous arrogance.

12   INT DUNGEON CORRIDOR AND CELL

Gamorrean guards lead Chewie down the same hallway we saw before. When 
a tentacle reaches out at the Wookiee, Chewie's ferocious ROAR echoes 
against the walls and the tentacle snaps back into its cell in terror. 
It takes all the guards to hurl Chewie roughly into a cell, slamming 
the door behind him. Chewie lets out a pathetic howl and bangs on the 
iron door.

13   EXT JABBA'S PALACE

The palace is sitting in the light of the double sunset. On the road in 
front, a large toadlike creature flicks its tongue out for a desert 
rodent and burps in satisfaction.

14   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM - NIGHT

Silence. The room is deserted, only the awful debris of the alien 
celebration giving mute witness to the activity here before. Several 
drunk creatures lie unconscious around the room, snoring loudly.

A shadowy figure moves stealthily among the columns at the perimeter of 
the room and is revealed to be Boushh, the bounty hunter. He picks his 
way carefully through the snoring, drunken monsters.

Han Solo, the frozen space pirate, hangs spotlighted on the wall, his 
coffin-like case suspended by a force field. The bounty hunter 
deactivates the force field by flipping a control switch to one side of 
the coffin. The heavy case slowly lowers to the floor of the alcove.

Boushh steps up to the case, studying Han, and then turns to the 
controls on the side of the coffin. He activates a series of switches 
and, after one last hesitant look at Han, slides the de-carbonization 
lever. The case begins to emit a sound as the hard shell covering the 
contours of Han's face begins to melt away. The bounty hunter watches 
as Han's body is freed of its metallic coat and his forearms and hands, 
previously raised in reflexive protest, drop slackly to his side. His 
face muscles relax from their mask of horror. He appears quite dead.

Boushh's ugly helmet leans close to Han's face listening for the breath 
of life. Nothing. He waits. Han's eyes pop open with a start and he 
begins coughing. The bounty hunter steadies the staggering newborn.

BOUSHH
Just relax for a moment. You're free of the carbonite.

Han touches his face with his hand and moans.

BOUSHH
Shhh. You have hibernation sickness.

HAN
I can't see.

BOUSHH
Your eyesight will return in time.

HAN
Where am I?

BOUSHH
Jabba's palace.

HAN
Who are you?

The bounty hunter reaches up and lifts the helmet from his head, 
revealing the beautiful face of PRINCESS LEIA.

LEIA
Someone who loves you.

HAN
Leia!

LEIA
I gotta get you out of here.

As Leia helps her weakened lover to stand up, the relative quiet is 
pierced by an obscene HUTTESE CACKLE from the other side of the alcove.

HAN
What's that? I know that laugh.

The curtain on the far side of the alcove opens, revealing Jabba the 
Hutt, surrounded by Bib and other aliens. He laughs again, and his 
gross cronies join in a cacophony of alien glee.

HAN
Hey, Jabba. Look, Jabba, I was just on my way to pay you back, but I 
got a little sidetracked. It's not my fault.

Jabba laughs.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
It's too late for that, Solo. You may have been a good smuggler, but 
now you're Bantha fodder.

HAN
Look...

JABBA     (cont Huttese subtitled)
Take him away!

The guards grab Han and start to lead him away.

HAN
Jabba... I'll pay you triple! You're throwing away a fortune here. 
Don't be a fool!

Han is dragged off, as Lando quickly moves forward and attempts to lead 
Leia away.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
Bring her to me.

Jabba chuckles as Lando and a second guard drag the beautiful young 
princess toward him. Threepio peeks from behind a monster and quickly 
turns away in disgust.

LEIA
We have powerful friends. You're gonna regret this...

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
I'm sure.

Inexorably her lovely face moves to within a few inches of Jabba's ugly 
blob of a head, and Leia turns away in disgust.

LEIA
Ugh!

THREEPIO
Ohhh, I can't bear to watch.

15   INT DUNGEON CELL

The heavy metal door of the dungeon whines and slowly creaks open. A 
guard throws the blinded star captain into the dark cell and the door 
slams shut behind him, leaving only a thin sliver of light from a crack 
in the door. Han is trying to collect himself when suddenly a growl is 
heard from the far side of the cell. He jumps back against the cell 
door and listens.

HAN
Chewie? Chewie, is that you?

The shadowy figure lets out a crazy yell and races toward Han, lifting 
him off the ground with a big hug that carries them into the light, 
revealing Chewie.

HAN
Ah! Chew--Chewie!

The giant Wookiee barks with glee.

HAN
Wait. I can't see, pal. What's goin' on?

Chewie barks an excited blue streak.

HAN
Luke? Luke's crazy. He can't even take care of himself, much less 
rescue anybody.

Chewie barks a reply.

HAN
A...Jedi Knight? I--I'm out of it for a little while, everybody gets 
delusions of grandeur.

Chewie growls insistently. He holds Han to his chest and pets his head.

HAN
I'm all right, pal. I'm all right.

16   INT MAIN GATE AND HALL - JABBA'S PALACE

Noisily, the main gate lifts to flood the blackness with blinding LIGHT 
and reveal the silhouetted figure of LUKE SKYWALKER. He is clad in a 
robe similar to Ben's and wears neither pistol nor laser sword. Luke 
strides purposefully into the hallway. Two giant guards move to block 
Luke's path. Luke halts.

Luke raises his hand and points at the puzzled guards, who immediately 
lower their spears and fall back. The young Jedi lowers his hand and 
moves on down the hallway.

Bib Fortuna appears out of the gloom. He speaks to Luke as they 
approach each other, but Luke doesn't stop and Bib must reverse his 
direction and hurry alongside the young Jedi in order to carry on the 
conversation. Several other guards fall in behind them in the darkness.

LUKE
I must speak with Jabba.

Bib answers in Huttese, shaking his head in denial. Luke stops and 
stares at Bib; he raises his hand slightly.

LUKE
You will take me to Jabba now!

Bib turns in hypnotic response to Luke's command, and Luke follows him 
into the gloom.

LUKE
You serve your master well.

Bib responds.

LUKE
And you will be rewarded.

17   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM

Jabba is asleep on his throne, with Leia lying in front of him. 
Salacious sits by Jabba's tail, watching it wriggle. Leia is now 
dressed in the skimpy costume of a dancing girl; a chain runs from a 
manacle/necklace at her throat to her new master, Jabba the Hutt. 
Threepio stands behind Jabba as Bib comes up to the gangster slug.

THREEPIO
At last! Master Luke's come to rescue me.

BIB
Master.

Jabba awakens with a start and Bib continues, in Huttese.

BIB
...Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
I told you not to admit him.

LUKE
I must be allowed to speak.

BIB     (in Huttese subtitled)
He must be allowed to speak.

Jabba, furious, clobbers Bib and shoves him away.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
You weak-minded fool! He's using an old Jedi mind trick.

Luke stares hard at Jabba.

LUKE
You will bring Captain Solo and the Wookiee to me.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
Your mind powers will not work on me, boy.

LUKE
Nevertheless, I'm taking Captain Solo and his friends. You can either 
profit by this... or be destroyed! It's your choice. But I warn you not 
to underestimate my powers.

Jabba's laugh is mean and loud. Threepio attempts to warn Luke about 
the pit.

THREEPIO
Master Luke, you're standing on...

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
There will be no bargain, young Jedi. I shall enjoy watching you die.

Luke reaches out, and a pistol jumps out of a guard's holster and flies 
into Luke's hand. The bewildered guard grabs for it as Jabba raises his 
hand.

JABBA
Bascka!

The floor suddenly drops away, sending Luke and the hapless guard into 
the pit. The pistol goes off, blasting a hole in the ceiling. Jabba 
laughs and his courtiers join in. Leia starts forward but is restrained 
by a human guard-- Lando, recognizable behind his mask. She looks at 
him and he shakes his head "no."

18   INT RANCOR PIT

Luke and the guard have dropped twenty-five feet from a chute into the 
dungeonlike cage. Luke gets to his feet as the guard yells hysterically 
for help. A crowd gathers up around the edge of the pit as the door in 
the side of the pit starts to RUMBLE open. The guard screams in panic. 
Luke looks calmly around for a means of escape.

THREEPIO
Oh, no! The Rancor!

At the side of the pit, an iron door rumbles upward and a giant, fanged 
RANCOR emerges. The guard runs to the side of the pit and tries 
futilely to scramble to the top. The hideous beast closes in on him.

The Rancor moves past Luke, and as the guard continues to scramble, the 
Rancor picks him up and pops him into its slavering jaws. A few 
screams, and the guard is swallowed with a gulp. The audience cheers 
and laughs at the guard's fate.

The monster turns and starts for Luke. The young Jedi dashes away just 
ahead of the monster's swipe at him, and picks up the long arm bone of 
an earlier victim. The monster grabs Luke and brings him up to his 
salivating mouth. At the last moment, Luke wedges the bone in the 
monster's mouth and is dropped to the floor. The monster bellows in 
rage and flails about, hitting the side of the pit, causing an 
avalanche.

The monster crushes the bone in its jaws and sees Luke, who squeezes 
into a crevice in the pit wall. Luke looks past the monster to the 
holding cave beyond. On the far side of the holding cave is a utility 
door--if only he can get to it. The Rancor spots Luke and reaches into 
the crevice for him. Luke grabs a large rock and raises it, smashing it 
down on the Rancor's finger.

19   HOLDING TUNNEL - RANCOR PIT

The Rancor lets out a loud howl as Luke makes a run for the holding 
cave. He reaches the door and pushes a button to open it. When he 
succeeds, he sees a heavy barred gate between him and safety. Beyond 
the gate two guards look up from their dinner. Luke turns to see the 
monster heading for him, and pulls with all his might on the gate. The 
guards move to the gate and start poking at the young Jedi with spears, 
laughing.

Luke crouches (against the wall) as the monster starts to reach for 
him. Suddenly he notices a main door control panel halfway up the wall. 
As the Rancor moves in for the kill, Luke picks up a skull from the 
cave floor and hurls it at the panel. The giant overhead door comes 
crashing down on the beast's head, squashing it like a sledgehammer on 
an egg.

A startled gasp is heard from the stunned court. There's consternation 
at this turn of events. Heads look to Jabba, who is actually turning 
red with anger. Leia cannot suppress her joy. Jabba utters harsh 
commands to his guards and they hurry off.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
Bring me Solo and the Wookiee. They will all suffer for this outrage.

21   INT RANCOR PIT

The Rancor KEEPERS have come into the cage and are examining their dead 
beast. One of them breaks down and weeps. The other glares menacingly 
at Luke, who is unworried. Several guards rush into the holding tunnel 
and take Luke away.

22   INT THRONE ROOM

The crowd of creepy courtiers parts as Han and Chewie are brought into 
the throne room, and other guards drag Luke up the steps.

LUKE
Han!

HAN
Luke!

LUKE
Are you all right?

HAN
Fine. Together again, huh?

LUKE
Wouldn't miss it.

HAN
How are we doing?

LUKE
The same as always.

HAN
That bad, huh? Where's Leia?

Luke looks to Leia.

LEIA
I'm here.

Threepio is standing behind the grotesque gangster as he strokes Leia 
like a pet cat. Several of the guards, including Lando, bring Luke from 
the other side of the room. Boba is standing behind Jabba.

Threepio steps forward and translates for the captives.

THREEPIO
Oh, dear. His High Exaltedness, the great Jabba the Hutt, has decreed 
that you are to be terminated immediately.

HAN
Good, I hate long waits.

THREEPIO
You will therefore be taken to the Dune Sea and cast into the pit of 
Carkoon, the nesting place of the all-powerful Sarlacc.

HAN     (to Luke)
Doesn't sound so bad.

THREEPIO
In his belly, you will find a new definition of pain and suffering, as 
you are slowly digested over a thousand years.

HAN
On second thought, let's pass on that, huh?

Chewie barks his agreement.

LUKE
You should have bargained, Jabba. That's the last mistake you'll ever 
make.

Jabba cackles evilly at this.

As the guards drag the prisoners from the throne room, a loud cheer 
rises from the crowd. Leia and Chewie exchange concerned looks, but 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi warrior, cannot suppress a smile.

23   EXT TATOOINE SEA - SKIFF

Jabba's huge SAIL BARGE moves above the desert surface accompanied by 
two smaller Skiffs. One of the skiffs glides close, revealing Luke, 
Han, and Chewie -- all in bonds -- surrounded by guards, one of whom is 
Lando in disguise.

HAN
I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a 
big light blur.

LUKE
There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know.

HAN
You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient.

LUKE
Just stick close to Chewie and Lando. I've taken care of everything.

HAN
Oh... great!

24   INT BARGE OBSERVATION DECK

Jabba the Hutt rides like a sultan in the massive antigravity ship. His 
entire retinue is with him, drinking, eating, and having a good time. 
Leia is watching her friends in the skiff when the chain attached to 
her neck is pulled tight and Jabba tugs the scantily clad princess to 
him.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
Soon you will learn to appreciate me.

Threepio wanders among the Sail Barge aliens, bumping into a smaller 
droid serving drinks, spilling them all over the place. The stubby 
droid lets out an angry series of beeps and whistles.

THREEPIO
Oh, I'm terribly sor... Artoo! What are you doing here?

Artoo beeps a quick reply.

THREEPIO
Well, I can see you're serving drinks, but this place is dangerous. 
They're going to execute Master Luke and, if we're not careful, us too!

Artoo whistles a singsong response.

THREEPIO
Hmm.  I wish I had your confidence.

25   EXT SARLACC PIT 

The convoy moves up over a huge sand pit. The Sail Barge stops to one 
side of the depression, as does the escort skiff. But the prisoner's 
skiff moves out directly over the center and hovers. At the bottom of 
the deep cone of sand is a repulsive, mucous-lined hole, surrounded by 
thousands of needle-sharp teeth. This is the SARLACC. A plank is 
extended from the edge of the prisoner's skiff. Guards release Luke's 
bonds and shove him out onto the plank above the Sarlacc's mouth.

26   EXT SAIL BARGE OBSERVATION DECK

Jabba and Leia are now by the rail, watching. Threepio leans forward 
and the slobbering villain mumbles something to him. As Threepio steps 
up to a comlink, Jabba raises his arm and the motley array of 
intergalactic pirates fall silent. Threepio's voice is amplified across 
loudspeakers.

THREEPIO
Victims of the almighty Sarlacc: His Excellency hopes that you will die 
honorably. But should any of you wish to beg for mercy, the great Jabba 
the Hutt will now listen to your pleas.

27   EXT SKIFF

Han steps forward arrogantly and begins to speak.

HAN
Threepio, you tell that slimy piece of... worm-ridden filth he'll get 
no such pleasure from us. Right?

Chewie growls his agreement.

LUKE
Jabba! This is your last chance. Free us or die.

Lando moves unobtrusively along the skiff as Luke shoots a quick look 
of conspiracy to him.

28   INT SAIL BARGE OBSERVATION DECK

The assembled monsters rock with mocking laughter as Artoo zips 
unnoticed up the ramp to the upper deck. Jabba's laughter subsides as 
he speaks into the comlink.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
Move him into position.

Jabba makes a thumbs-down gesture. Leia looks worried.

29   EXT BARGE - UPPER DECK

Artoo appears from below and zips over to the rail facing the pit. 
Below, in the skiff, Luke is prodded by a guard to the edge of the 
plank over the gaping Sarlacc. Luke looks up at Artoo, then gives a 
jaunty salute: the signal the little droid has been waiting for. A flap 
opens in Artoo's domed head.

JABBA     (in Huttese subtitled)
Put him in.

30   EXT SKIFF - PLANK

Luke is prodded and jumps off the plank to the cheers of the 
bloodthirsty spectators. But, before anyone can even perceive what is 
happening, he spins around and grabs the end of the plank by his 
fingertips. The plank bends wildly from his weight and catapults him 
skyward. In midair he does a complete flip and drops down on the end of 
the plank in the same spot he just vacated, but facing the skiff. He 
casually extends an open palm and -- his lightsaber, which Artoo has 
sent arcing toward him, drops into his hand.

With samurai speed, Luke ignites it and attacks the guard who prodded 
him off the plank, sending the hapless monster screaming overboard. The 
other guards swarm toward Luke. He wades into them, lightsaber 
flashing. Lando struggles with another guard at the back of the skiff.

31   EXT SARLACC PIT

A bewildered guard lands in the soft, sandy slope of the pit, and 
begins sliding. He claws desperately as a Sarlacc tentacle grabs him 
and pulls him screaming into the viscous mouth.

32   INT SAIL BARGE

Jabba watches this and explodes in rage. He barks commands, and the 
guards around him rush off to do his bidding. The scuzzy creatures 
watching the action from the window are in an uproar.

33   EXT SKIFF 

Luke knocks another guard off the skiff and into the waiting mouth of 
the Sarlacc. He starts to untie Chewie's bonds.

LUKE
Easy, Chewie.

At that moment, the deck gunmen on the barge unleash a series of blasts 
from a big cannon on the upper deck. Lando is tossed from the deck of 
the rocking skiff. He manages to grab a rope, and dangles desperately 
above the Sarlacc pit.

LANDO
Whoa! Whoa! Help!

34   EXT UPPER DECK - SAIL BARGE

With two swift strides, the dangerous Boba Fett ignites his rocket 
pack, leaps into the air, and flies from the barge down to the skiff.

35   EXT SKIFF

Boba lands on the skiff and starts to aim his laser gun at Luke, who 
has freed Han and Chewie from their bonds. But before Boba can fire, 
the young Jedi spins on him, lightsaber sweeping, and hacks the bounty 
hunter's gun in half.

Immediately, the skiff takes another direct hit from the barge's deck 
gun. Shards of skiff deck fly. Chewie and Han are thrown against the 
rail.

HAN
Chewie, you okay? Where is he?

The Wookiee is wounded and he howls in pain.

HAN
I'm okay, pal.

For a moment, Luke is distracted, and in that moment, Boba fires a 
cable out of his armored sleeve. Instantly, Luke is wrapped in a strong 
cable, his arms pinned against his side, his sword arm free only from 
the wrist down.  Luke bends his wrist so the lightsaber points straight 
up to reach the wire lasso and cuts through. Luke shrugs away the cable 
and stands free.

Another blast from the Barge's deck gun hits near Boba and he is 
knocked unconscious to the deck, next to where Lando is hanging.

LANDO
Han! Chewie?

HAN
Lando!

Luke is a little shaken but remains standing as a fusillade brackets 
him. The second skiff, loaded with guards firing their weapons, moves 
in on Luke fast. Luke leaps toward the incoming second skiff. The young 
Jedi leaps into the middle of the second skiff and begins decimating 
the guards from their midst.

Chewie, wounded, tries to lift himself as he barks directions to Han, 
guiding him toward a spear which has been dropped by one of the guards. 
Han searches the deck as Chewie barks directions; finally he grabs hold 
of the spear.

Boba Fett, badly shaken, rises from the deck. He looks over at the 
other skiff, where Luke is whipping a mass of guards. Boba raises his 
arm, and aims his lethal appendage.

Chewie barks desperately at Han.

HAN
Boba Fett?! Boba Fett?! Where?

The space pirate turns around blindly, and the long spear in his hand 
whacks squarely in the middle of Boba's rocket pack.

The impact of the swing causes the rocket pack to ignite. Boba blasts 
off, flying over the second skiff like a missile, smashing against the 
side of the huge Sail Barge and sliding away into the pit. He screams 
as his armored body makes its last flight past Lando and directly into 
the mucous mouth of the Sarlacc. The Sarlacc burps. Chewie growls a 
weak congratulations to Han.

36   INT SAIL BARGE

Leia turns from the spectacle outside, leaps onto Jabba's throne, and 
throws the chain that enslaves her over his head around his bulbous 
neck. Then she dives off the other side of the throne, pulling the 
chain violently in her grasp. Jabba's flaccid neck contracts beneath 
the tightening chain. His huge eyes bulge from their sockets and his 
scum-coated tongue flops out. The Exalted Hutt's huge tail spasms 
through its death throes and then slams down into final stillness. Leia 
struggles to free herself of her bondage.

37   EXT SKIFF

Luke continues to destroy the aliens on the guards' skiff, as Han 
extends his spear downward to Lando, who is still dangling precariously 
from a rope on the prisoner's skiff.

HAN
Lando, grab it!

LANDO
Lower it!

HAN
I'm trying!

A major hit from the barge deck gun knocks the skiff on its side. Han 
and almost everything else on board slides overboard. The rope breaks, 
and Lando falls to the side of the Sarlacc pit. Luckily, Han's foot 
catches on the skiff railing and he dangles above Lando and the pit. 
The wounded Wookiee holds onto the skiff for dear life as another hit 
from the deck gun rocks the skiff violently.

HAN
Whoa! Whoa! Grab me, Chewie! I'm slipping.

Chewie grabs hold of Han's feet, holding him upside down, as Han 
extends the spear toward Lando, who is clutching to the side of the 
pit.

HAN
Grab it! L--Lando. Grab!

Luke finishes off the last guard on the second skiff. He sees the deck 
gun blasting away at his helpless companions. Luke leaps from the 
skiff, across a chasm of air, to the sheer metallic side of the Sail 
Barge. Barely able to get a fingerhold, he begins a painful climb up 
the hull, when suddenly an ax smashes through a window an inch from his 
head. With Jedi agility, Luke grasps the wrist holding the ax and yanks 
the helpless guard through the broken window and into the deadly pit.

The injured Chewie is reaching over the rail for the dangling Han, who 
is in turn blindly reaching down toward the desperate Lando. The Baron 
has stopped his slippage down the sandy slope of the Sarlacc pit by 
lying very still. Every time he tries to reach for Han, the loose sand 
moves him closer to his final reward.

HAN
Grab it! Almost... You almost got it!

Another blast hits the front of the tilted skiff, causing Lando to let 
go of the spear.

LANDO
Hold it! Whoa!

Again Han extends the spear toward Lando.

HAN
Gently now. All... all right. Now easy, easy. Hold me, Chewie.

Lando screams. One of the Sarlacc's tentacles has wrapped tightly 
around his ankle, dragging him down the side of the pit.

HAN
Chewie! Chewie, give me the gun. Don't move, Lando.

LANDO
No, wait! I thought you were blind!

HAN
It's all right. Trust me. Don't move.

LANDO
All right! A little higher! Just a little higher!

Han adjusts his aim as Lando lowers his head, and the fuzzy-eyed pirate 
fires at the tentacle. Direct hit. The tentacle releases Lando, and 
Chewie starts to pull them on board the skiff.

HAN
Chewie, Pull us up! Come on! Okay... up, Chewie, up!

38   EXT UPPER DECK

The deck gunners have Chewie and the desperate dangling human chain in 
their gun sights when something up on deck commands their attention: 
Luke, standing before them like a pirate king, ignites his lightsaber. 
The deck gunners have barely reached for their pistols before the young 
Jedi has demolished them. Immediately, Luke turns to see two more 
gunners (who have been uncovering a giant gun at the end of the barge) 
racing for him, firing their laser pistols.

39   INT SAIL BARGE - OBSERVATION DECK

Leia is struggling against her chains in desperation as Artoo zips 
through the tumult of confused monsters to the rescue; the stubby 
little droid extends a small laser gun and blasts the chain apart.

LEIA
Come on. We gotta get out of here quick.

Artoo and Leia race for the exit, passing Threepio, who is kicking and 
screaming as Salacious Crumb, the reptilian monkey- monster picks out 
one of the golden droid's eyes.

THREEPIO
Not my eyes! Artoo, help! Quickly, Artoo. Oh! Ohhh! You beast!

Artoo zips over and zaps Salacious, sending him skyward with a scream, 
crashing into the rafters as Artoo, Leia, and Threepio (with his eye 
dangling from a wire) hurry off.

40   EXT UPPER DECK - SAIL BARGE

Luke is warding off laser blasts with his lightsaber, surrounded by 
guards and fighting like a demon. Leia emerges onto the deck as Luke 
turns to face another guard.

LUKE     (to Leia)
Get the gun! Point it at the deck!

Leia turns toward the barge cannon, climbs on the platform, and swivels 
the gun around.

LUKE
Point it at the deck!

A laser blast hits Luke's mechanical hand and he bends over in pain, 
but manages to swing his lightsaber upward and take out the last of the 
guards. He looks at the wounded hand, which reveals the mechanism. He 
flexes the hand; it still works.

Near the rail of the upper deck, Artoo and Threepio steady themselves 
as Threepio gets ready to jump. Artoo beeps wildly.

THREEPIO
Artoo, where are we going? I couldn't possibly jump.

Artoo butts the golden droid over the edge and steps off himself, 
tumbling toward the sand.

Luke runs along the empty deck toward Leia and the barge gun, which she 
has brought around to point down at the deck.

LUKE
Come on!

Luke has hold on one of the rigging ropes from the mast. He gathers 
Leia in his other arm and kicks the trigger of the deck gun. The gun 
explodes into the deck as Luke and Leia swing out toward the skiff.

41   EXT SKIFF  

Han leans panting against the rail as Chewie helps Lando onto the deck. 
Luke and Leia land on the skiff with flair.

LUKE
Let's go! And don't forget the droids.

LANDO
We're on our way.

The Sail Barge is exploding in stages in the distance. Half of the huge 
craft is on fire.

42   EXT SAND DUNE

Threepio's legs stick straight up from the dune where he landed. Next 
to it, Artoo's periscope is the only thing above the sand. The skiff 
floats above them and two large electromagnets dangle down on a wire. 
With a loud CLANG, both droids are pulled 
from the sand.

43   EXT DUNE SEA

The little skiff skips around the burning Sail Barge, which continues 
its chain of explosions. As the skiff sails off across the desert, the 
barge settles to the sand and disappears in one final conflagration.

44   EXT DUNE SEA - LANDING AREA

A ferocious sandstorm blocks our view. Then, through the ROAR, we HEAR 
THE VOICES of our heroes. They emerge slowly from the veil of sand, 
pressing on against the wind. First come Artoo and Threepio, followed 
by Leia guiding Han, then Luke and Lando come into view, each 
supporting one side of the towering Chewbacca, who hobbles from his 
wound.

Soon, they can make out some large vague shapes in the blowing sand. It 
is the Millennium Falcon and, parked beside it, Luke's trusty X-wing 
and a two-seated Y-wing. They must shout to be heard.

HAN
I don't know. All I can see is a lot of blowing sand!

LEIA
That's all any of us can see.

HAN     (blinking)
Then I guess I'm getting better.

As soon as the group huddles under the bulk of the Falcon, the wind 
dies down to something more describable as a severe weather condition. 
Threepio hits a switch, and the gang-plank lowers with a HUM.

HAN     (turning to Luke)
I've got to hand it to you, kid, you were pretty good out there.

LUKE     (shrugging it off)
I had a lot of help. Think nothing of it.

HAN
No, I'm thinking a lot about it. That carbon freeze was the closest 
thing to dead there is. And it wasn't just sleepin'. It was a big wide 
awake nothing!

Luke nods, as Chewie growls affectionately at the young Jedi warrior, 
mussing his hair like a proud uncle. And Leia warmly hugs him.

LUKE     (moving to his ship)
I'll see you back at the fleet.

HAN
Why don't you leave that crate and come with us?

LUKE
I have a promise I have to keep first... to an old friend.

Luke and Artoo take off in their spacecraft.

HAN        
(looking dubiously at Lando, obviously remembering his friend's 
betrayal and subsequent aide)
Guess I owe you some thanks, too, Lando.

LANDO
Figured if I left you frozen like that you'd just give me bad luck the 
rest of my life, so I might as well get you unfrozen sooner or later.

LEIA
He means "You're welcome."

LANDO
Come on, let's get off this miserable dust ball.

44A  EXT SPACE ABOVE TATOOINE 

The desolate yellow planet fills the screen, Luke's X-wing appears and 
peels off to the left. A moment later, the FALCON appears as a dot and 
grows huge, to roar directly over the CAMERA.

45   INT X-WING - COCKPIT

Luke is at the controls, with Artoo attached behind him outside the 
canopy. Luke speaks into his comlink to the others, in the MILLENNIUM 
FALCON.

LUKE
I'll meet you back at the fleet.

LEIA     (over comlink)
Hurry. The Alliance should be assembled by now.

LUKE
I will.

HAN     (over comlink)
Hey, Luke, thanks. Thanks for comin' after me. Now I owe you one.

A message from Artoo appears on the small monitor screen in front of 
Luke. He smiles at the monitor and speaks to Artoo, as he pulls a black 
glove on to cover his wounded mechanical hand.

LUKE
That's right, Artoo. We're going to the Dagobah system. I have a 
promise to keep... to an old friend.

46   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR AND ENDOR

A Super Star Destroyer and several ships of the Imperial Fleet rest in 
space above the half-completed Death Star and its green neighbor, 
Endor. Four squads of TIE fighters escort an Imperial shuttle toward 
the Death Star.

47   INT DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR TO DOCKING BAY

Lord Vader strides down the hallway, accompanied by a very nervous 
Death Star commander.

48   INT DOCKING BAY - DEATH STAR

Thousands of Imperial troops in tight formation fill the mammoth 
docking bay. Vader and the officer walk to the landing platform, where 
the shuttle is coming to rest.

The shuttle's ramp lowers and the Emperor's Royal Guards come out and 
create a lethal perimeter. The assembled troops move to rigid attention 
with a momentous SNAP.

Then, in the huge SILENCE which follows, the EMPEROR appears. He is a 
rather small, shriveled old man. His bent frame slowly makes its way 
down the ramp with the aid of a gnarled cane. He wears a hooded cloak 
similar to the one Ben wears, except that it is black. The Emperor's 
face is shrouded and difficult to see, except for his piercing yellow 
eyes. Commander Jerjerrod and Darth Vader kneel to him. The Supreme 
Ruler of the galaxy beckons to the Dark Lord.

EMPEROR     (to Vader)
Rise, my friend.

Vader rises and falls in next to the Emperor as he slowly makes his way 
along the rows of troops. Jerjerrod and the other commanders stay 
kneeling until the Supreme Ruler and Vader, followed by several 
Imperial dignitaries, pass by; only then do they join in the 
procession.

VADER
The Death Star will be completed on schedule.

EMPEROR
You have done well, Lord Vader. And now I sense you wish to continue 
your search for young Skywalker.

VADER
Yes, my Master.

EMPEROR
Patience, my friend. In time he will seek you out. And when he does, 
you must bring him
before me. He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the 
dark side of the
Force.

VADER
As you wish.

EMPEROR
Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen.

He laughs to himself as they pass along the vast line of Imperial 
troops.

49   EXT YODA'S HOUSE - DAGOBAH

Once again, Artoo finds himself waiting around in the damp environs of 
the swamp planet, and he's none too happy about it. He beeps 
disconsolately to himself and turns to look at Yoda's cottage. Warm 
yellow light escapes the oddly shaped windows to fight the gloom.

50   INT YODA'S HOUSE

The tip of a walking stick taps hesitantly across the earthen floor of 
the cottage. Our view travels up the stick to the small green hand that 
clutches it, and then to the familiar face of YODA, THE JEDI MASTER. 
His manner is frail, and his voice, though cheerful, seems weaker.

YODA
Hmm. That face you make. Look I so old to young eyes?

Luke is sitting in a corner of the cramped space and, indeed, his look 
has been woeful. Caught, he tries to hide it.

LUKE
No... of course not.

YODA     (tickled, chuckles)
I do, yes, I do!  Sick have I become. Old and weak. 
(Points a crooked finger)
When nine hundred years old you reach, look as good you will not. Hmm?

Yoda chuckles at this, coughs, and hobbles over toward his bed.

YODA
Soon will I rest. Yes, forever sleep. Earned it, I have.

Yoda sits himself on his bed, with great effort.

LUKE
Master Yoda, you can't die.

YODA
Strong am I with the Force... but not that strong! Twilight is upon me 
and soon night must fall. That is the way of things... the way of the 
Force.

LUKE
But I need your help. I've come back to complete the training.

YODA
No more training do you require. Already know you that which you need.

Yoda sighs, and lies back on his bed.

LUKE
Then I am a Jedi?

YODA     (shakes his head)
Ohhh. Not yet. One thing remains: Vader. You must confront Vader. Then, 
only then, a Jedi will you be. And confront him you will.

Luke is in agony. He is silent for a long moment, screwing up his 
courage. Finally he is able to ask.

LUKE
Master Yoda... is Darth Vader my father?

Yoda's eyes are full of weariness and compassion. An odd, sad smile 
creases his face. He turns painfully on his side, away from Luke.

YODA
Mmm... rest I need. Yes... rest.

Luke watches him, each moment an eternity.

LUKE
Yoda, I must know.

YODA
Your father he is.

Luke reacts as if cut.

YODA
Told you, did he?

LUKE
Yes.

A new look of concern crosses Yoda's face.  He closes his eyes.

YODA
Unexpected this is, and unfortunate...

LUKE
Unfortunate that I know the truth?

Yoda opens his eyes again and studies the youth.

YODA         (gathering all his strength)
No. Unfortunate that you rushed to face him... that incomplete was your 
training. Not
ready for the burden were you.

LUKE
Well, I'm sorry.

YODA
Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force.  But beware.  Anger, 
fear, aggression.
The dark side are they.  Once you start down the dark path, forever 
will it dominate your
destiny.

He beckons the young Jedi closer to him.

YODA
Luke...Luke...Do not...Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor, 
or suffer your father's fate, you will. Luke, when gone am I
(cough),
the last of the Jedi will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your 
family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke... 
(with great effort)
There is...another...Sky...Sky...walker.

He catches his breath. A shiver runs through the ancient green 
creature, and he dies. Luke stares at his dead master as he disappears 
in front of his eyes.

51   EXT DAGOBAH SWAMP - X-WING 

Luke wanders back to where his ship is sitting. Artoo beeps a greeting, 
but is ignored by his depressed master. Luke kneels down, begins to 
help Artoo with the ship, then stops and shakes his head dejectedly.

LUKE
I can't do it, Artoo. I can't go on alone.

BEN     (OS)
Yoda will always be with you.

Luke looks up to see the shimmering image of BEN KENOBI.

LUKE
Obi-Wan! Why didn't you tell me?

The ghost of Ben Kenobi approaches him through the swamp.

LUKE
You told me Vader betrayed and murdered my father.

BEN
You father was seduced by the dark side of the Force. He ceased to be 
Anakin Skywalker
and became Darth Vader. When that happened, the good man who was your 
father was destroyed. So what I have told you was true... from a 
certain point of view.

LUKE     (turning away, derisive)
A certain point of view!

BEN
Luke, you're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend 
greatly on our own
point of view.

Luke is unresponsive. Ben studies him in silence for a moment.

BEN
I don't blame you for being angry. If I was wrong in what I did, it 
certainly wouldn't have been for the first time. You see, what happened 
to your father was my fault.

Ben pauses sadly.

BEN
Anakin was a good friend.

Luke turns with interest at this. As Ben speaks, Luke settles on a 
stump, mesmerized. Artoo comes over to offer his comforting presence.

BEN
When I first knew him, your father was already a great pilot. But I was 
amazed how strongly the Force was with him. I took it upon myself to 
train him as a Jedi. I thought that I could instruct him just as well 
as Yoda. I was wrong. My pride has had terrible consequences for the 
galaxy.

Luke is entranced.

LUKE
There's still good in him.

BEN
I also thought he could be turned back to the good side. It couldn't be 
done. He is more machine now than man. Twisted and evil.

LUKE
I can't do it, Ben.

BEN
You cannot escape your destiny.

LUKE
I tried to stop him once. I couldn't do it.

BEN
Vader humbled you when first you met him, Luke... but that experience 
was part of your training. It taught you, among other things, the value 
of patience. Had you not been so impatient to defeat Vader then, you 
could have finished your training here with Yoda. You would have been 
prepared.

LUKE
But I had to help my friends.

BEN     (grinning at Luke's indignation)
And did you help them? It was they who had to save you. You achieved 
little by rushing back prematurely, I fear.

LUKE     (with sadness)
I found out Darth Vader was my father.

BEN
To be a Jedi, Luke, you must confront and then go beyond the dark side 
- the side your father couldn't get past. Impatience is the easiest 
door - for you, like your father. Only, your father was seduced by what 
he found on the other side of the door, and you have held firm. You're 
no longer so reckless now, Luke. You are strong and patient. And now, 
you must face Darth Vader again!

LUKE
I can't kill my own father.

BEN
Then the Emperor has already won. You were our only hope.

LUKE
Yoda spoke of another.

BEN
The other he spoke of is your twin sister.

LUKE
But I have no sister.

BEN
Hmm. To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your 
father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were 
to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the 
reason why your sister remains safely anonymous.

LUKE
Leia! Leia's my sister.

BEN
Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down, Luke. They 
do you credit.
But they could be made to serve the Emperor.

Luke looks into the distance, trying to comprehend all this.

BEN     (continuing his narrative)
When your father left, he didn't know your mother was pregnant. Your 
mother and I knew he would find out eventually, but we wanted to keep 
you both as safe as possible, for as long as possible.  So I took you 
to live with my brother Owen on Tatooine... and your mother took Leia 
to live as the daughter of Senator Organa, on Alderaan.

Luke turns, and settles near Ben to hear the tale.

BEN     (attempting to give solace with his words)
The Organa household was high-born and politically quite powerful in 
that system. Leia became a princess by virtue of lineage... no one knew 
she'd been adopted, of course. But it was a title without real power, 
since Alderaan had long been a democracy.  Even so, the family 
continued to be politically powerful, and Leia, following in her foster 
father's path, became a senator as well.  That's not all she became, of 
course... she became the leader of her cell in the Alliance against the 
corrupt Empire. And because she had diplomatic immunity, she was a 
vital link for getting information to the Rebel cause.  That's what she 
was doing when her path crossed yours... for her foster parents had 
always told her to contact me on Tatooine, if her troubles became 
desperate.

Luke is overwhelmed by the truth, and is suddenly protective of his 
sister.

LUKE
But you can't let her get involved now, Ben. Vader will destroy her.

BEN
She hasn't been trained in the ways of the Jedi the way you have, 
Luke... but the Force is strong with her, as it is with all of your 
family. There is no avoiding the battle. You must face and destroy 
Vader!

52   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET

The vast Rebel Fleet stretches as far as the eye can see. Overhead a 
dozen small Corellian battleships fly in formation. Fighters and 
battlecruisers surround the largest of the Rebel Star Cruisers, the 
HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE.

53   INT HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE - MAIN BRIEFING ROOM

Hundreds of Rebel commanders of all races and forms are assembled in 
the WAR ROOM. WEDGE is among them. In the center of the room is a 
holographic model depicting the half-completed Imperial Death Star, the 
nearby Moon of Endor, and the protecting deflector shield.

MON MOTHMA, the leader of the Alliance, enters the room. She is a stern 
but beautiful woman in her fifties. Conferring with her are several 
military leaders, including GENERAL MADINE and ADMIRAL ACKBAR (a 
salmon-colored Mon Calamari). Lando moves through the crowd until he 
finds Han and Chewie, standing next to Leia and the two droids.

Han peers at Lando's new insignia on his chest, and is amused.

HAN
Well, look at you, a general, huh?

 LANDO
 Oh, well, someone must have told them about my little maneuver at the 
battle of Taanab.

HAN     (sarcastic)
Well, don't look at me, pal. I just said you were a fair pilot. I 
didn't know they were
lookin' for somebody to lead this crazy attack.

LANDO     (smiling)
I'm surprised they didn't ask you to do it.

HAN
Well, who says they didn't.  But I ain't crazy. You're the respectable 
one, remember?

Mon Mothma signals for attention, and the room falls silent.

MON MOTHMA
The Emperor has made a critical error and the time for our attack has 
come.

This causes a stir. Mon Mothma turns to a holographic model of the 
Death Star, the Endor moon and the protecting deflector shield in the 
center of the room.

MON MOTHMA
The data brought to us by the Bothan spies pinpoints the exact location 
of the Emperor's new battle station. We also know that the weapon 
systems of this Death Star are not yet operational. With the Imperial 
Fleet spread throughout the galaxy in a vain effort to engage us, it is 
relatively unprotected. But most important of all, we've learned that 
the Emperor himself is personally overseeing the final stages of the 
construction of this Death Star.

A volley of spirited chatter erupts from the crowd. Han turns to Leia 
as Chewie barks his amazement.

MON MOTHMA     (cont)
Many Bothans died to bring us this information. Admiral Ackbar, please.

Admiral Ackbar steps forward and points to the Death Star's force field 
and the Moon of Endor.

ACKBAR
You can see here the Death Star orbiting the forest Moon of Endor. 
Although the weapon
systems on this Death Star are not yet operational, the Death Star does 
have a strong defense mechanism. It is protected by an energy shield, 
which is generated from the nearby forest Moon of Endor. The shield 
must be deactivated if any attack is to be attempted. Once the shield 
is down, our cruisers will create a perimeter, while the fighters fly 
into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the main reactor.

There's a concerned murmur.

ACKBAR     (cont)
General Calrissian has volunteered to lead the fighter attack

Han turns to Lando with a look of respect.

HAN
Good luck.

Lando nods his thanks.

HAN
You're gonna need it.

ACKBAR
General Madine.

Madine moves center stage.

GENERAL MADINE
We have stolen a small Imperial shuttle. Disguised as a cargo ship, and 
using a secret
Imperial code, a strike team will land on the moon and deactivate the 
shield generator.

The assembly begins to mumble among themselves.

THREEPIO
Sounds dangerous.

LEIA     (to Han)
I wonder who they found to pull that off.

GENERAL MADINE
General Solo, is your strike team assembled?

Leia, startled, looks up at Han, surprise changing to admiration.

HAN
Uh, my team's ready. I don't have a command crew for the shuttle.

Chewbacca raises his hairy paw and volunteers.  Han looks up at him.

HAN
Well, it's gonna be rough, pal. I didn't want to speak for you.

Chewie waves that off with a huge GROWL.

HAN     (smiles)
That's one.

LEIA
Uh, General... count me in.

VOICE     (OS)
I'm with you, too!

They turn in that direction and peer into the crowd as there are more 
cheers. The commanders part, and there at the back stands Luke. Han and 
Leia are surprised and delighted.

Leia moves to Luke and embraces him warmly. She senses a change in him 
and looks into his eyes questioningly.

LEIA
 What is it?

LUKE     (hesitant)
Ask me again sometime.

Han, Chewie, and Lando crowd around Luke as the assembly breaks up.

HAN
Luke.

LUKE
Hi, Han... Chewie.

Artoo beeps a singsong observation to a worried Threepio.

 THREEPIO
"Exciting" is hardly the word I would use.

54   INT HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE - MAIN DOCKING BAY

The Millennium Falcon rests beyond the stolen IMPERIAL SHUTTLE, which 
looks anomalous among all the Rebel ships in the vast docking bay. 
Chewie barks a final farewell to Lando and leads Artoo and Threepio up 
the shuttle, crowded now with the Rebel strike team loading weapons and 
supplies. Lando turns to face Han. Luke and Leia have said their good-
byes and start up the ramp.

HAN
Look. I want you to take her. I mean it. Take her. You need all the 
help you can get. She's
the fastest ship in the fleet.

LANDO
All right, old buddy. You know, I know what she means to you. I'll take 
good care of her.
She-she won't get a scratch. All right?

HAN     (looks at him warmly)
Right. I got your promise now. Not a scratch.

LANDO
Look, would you get going, you pirate.

Han and Lando pause, then exchange salutes.

LANDO
Good luck.

HAN
You, too.

Han goes up the ramp. Lando watches him go and then slowly turns away.

55   INT IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT

Luke is working on a back control panel as Han comes in and takes the 
pilot's seat. Chewie, in the seat next to him, is trying to figure out 
all the Imperial controls.

HAN
You got her warmed?

LUKE
Yeah, she's comin' up.

Chewie growls a complaint.

HAN
No. I don't think the Empire had Wookiees in mind when they designed 
her, Chewie.

Leia comes in from the hold and takes her seat near Luke.

Chewie barks and hits some switches. Han's glance has stuck on 
something out the window: the Millennium Falcon. Leia nudges him 
gently.

LEIA
Hey, are you awake?

HAN
Yeah, I just got a funny feeling. Like I'm not gonna see her again.

Chewie, hearing this, stops his activity and looks longingly out at the 
Falcon, too. Leia puts a hand on Han's shoulder.

LEIA     (softly)
Come on, General, let's move.

Han snaps back to life.

HAN
Right. Chewie, let's see what this piece of junk can do. Ready, 
everybody?

LUKE
All set.

THREEPIO
Here we go again.

HAN
All right, hang on.

56   EXT SPACE - THE REBEL FLEET

The stolen Imperial shuttle leaves the main docking bay of the 
Headquarters Frigate, lowers its wings into flight position, and zooms 
off into space.

57   INT EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM

The converted control room is dimly lit, except for a pool of light at 
the far end. There the Emperor sits in an elaborate control chair 
before a large window which looks out across the half-completed Death 
Star to the giant green moon of Endor.

Darth Vader, standing with other members of the Imperial council, 
cautiously approaches his master. The ruler's back is to Vader. After 
several tense moments, the Emperor's chair rotates around to face him.

VADER
What is thy bidding, my Master?

EMPEROR
Send the fleet to the far side of Endor. There it will stay until 
called for.

VADER
What of the reports of the Rebel fleet massing near Sullust?

EMPEROR
It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will be crushed and young 
Skywalker will be one of us! Your work here is finished, my friend. Go 
out to the command ship and await my orders.

VADER
Yes, my Master.

Vader bows, then turns and exits the throne room as the Emperor walks 
toward the waiting council members.

58   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR - MOON

There is a great deal of Imperial traffic in the area as construction 
proceeds on the Death Star. Transports, TIE fighters, and a few Star 
Destroyers move about. Now the huge Super Star Destroyer announces 
itself with a low roar and soon fills the frame.

59   INT STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT

Han looks back at Luke and Leia as Chewie flips several switches. 
Through the viewscreen, the Death Star and the huge Super Star 
Destroyer can be seen.

HAN
If they don't go for this, we're gonna have to get outta here pretty 
quick, Chewie.

Chewie growls his agreement.

CONTROLLER     (over radio)
We have you on our screen now. Please identify.

HAN
Shuttle Tydirium requesting deactivation of the deflector shield.

CONTROLLER     (over radio)
Shuttle Tydirium, transmit the clearance code for shield passage.

HAN
Transmission commencing.

Leia and Chewbacca listen tensely as the sound of a high speed 
transmission begins.

LEIA
Now we find out if that code is worth the price we paid.

HAN
It'll work. It'll work.

Chewie whines nervously. Luke stares at the Huge Super Star Destroyer 
that looms ever larger before them.

LUKE
Vader's on that ship.

HAN
Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep 
your distance though, Chewie, but don't look like you're trying to keep 
your distance.

Chewie barks a question.

HAN
I don't know.  Fly casual.

LUKE
I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come.

HAN
It's your imagination, kid. Come on. Let's keep a little optimism here.

Chewie barks his worries as the Super Star Destroyer grows larger out 
the window.

60   INT VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

Lord Vader stands, back to us, staring out a window at the Death Star. 
Now, some vibration felt only by him causes him to turn. After a moment 
of stillness, he walks down the row of controllers to where ADMIRAL 
PIETT is leaning over the tracking screen of the controller we've seen 
earlier. Piett straightens at Vader's approach.

VADER
Where is that shuttle going?

PIETT     (into comlink)
Shuttle Tydirium, what is your cargo and destination?

PILOT VOICE    (HAN)   (filtered)
Parts and technical crew for the forest moon.

The Bridge Commander looks to Vader for a reaction.

VADER
Do they have a code clearance?

PIETT
It's an older code, sir, but it checks out. I was about to clear them.

Vader looks upward, as he senses Luke's presence.

PIETT
Shall I hold them?

VADER
No. Leave them to me. I will deal with them myself.

PIETT     (surprised)
As you wish, my lord.
(to controller)
Carry on.

Piett nods at controller, who switches on his comlink.

61   INT STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT

The group waits tensely.

HAN
They're not goin' for it, Chewie.

CONTROLLER     (filtered)
Shuttle Tydirium, deactivation of the shield will commence immediately. 
Follow your
present course.

Everyone breaths a sigh of relief. Everyone but Luke, who looks 
worried. Chewie barks.

HAN
Okay! I told you it was gonna work. No problem.

62   EXT SPACE - STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - ENDOR

The stolen Imperial shuttle moves off toward the green Sanctuary Moon.

63   EXT FOREST LANDING SITE - ENDOR

The stolen Imperial shuttle sits in a clearing of the moon's dark, 
primeval forest, dwarfed by the ancient towering trees.

On an adjacent hill, the helmeted Rebel contingent makes its way up a 
steep trail. Leia and Han are slightly ahead of Chewie and Luke. The 
troops of the strike-team squad follow, with Artoo and Threepio 
bringing up the rear. Artoo beeps.

Up ahead, Chewie and Leia reach a crest in the hill and drop suddenly 
to the ground, signaling the rest of the group to stop. Han and Luke 
crawl up to take a look.

THREEPIO
Oh, I told you it was dangerous here.

THEIR POV. Not far below them, two IMPERIAL SCOUTS are wandering 
through bushes in the valley below. Their two ROCKET BIKES are parked 
nearby.

LEIA
Shall we try and go around?

HAN
It'll take time. This whole party'll be for nothing if they see us.

Leia motions for the squad to stay put, then she, Han, Luke and Chewie 
start quietly down.

64   EXT FOREST CLEARING - CAMPSITE

The four friends make their way to the edge of the clearing not far 
from the two Imperial scouts.

HAN
Chewie and I will take care of this. You stay here.

LUKE
Quietly, there might be more of them out there.

HAN     (grins)
Hey... it's me.

Han and Chewie turn and start through the bushes toward the scouts. 
Luke and Leia exchange smiles.

Han sneaks up behind one of the scouts, steps on a twig and the scout 
whirls, knocking Han into a tree. The scout shouts for his companion.

SCOUT #1
Go for help! Go!

The second scout jumps on his speeder bike and takes off, but Chewie 
gets off a shot on his crossbow laser weapon, causing the scout to 
crash into a tree. Han and Scout #1 are in a rousing fistfight.

LUKE     (sarcastic)
Great. Come on.

Luke starts for the scuffle, followed by Leia with her laser pistol 
drawn. As they run through the bushes, Leia stops and points to where 
two more scouts are sitting on their speeder bikes, with an unoccupied 
bike parked nearby.

LEIA
Over there! Two more of them!

LUKE
I see them. Wait, Leia!

But Leia doesn't hear him and races for the remaining speeder bike. She 
starts it up and takes off as Luke jumps on the bike behind her.

LUKE     (pointing to the controls)
Quick! Jam their comlink. Center switch!

Luke and Leia speed into the dense foliage in hot pursuit, barely 
avoiding two huge trees.

HAN
Hey, wait! Ahhh!

He flips the remaining scout to the ground.

65   EXT FOREST - THE BIKE CHASE

The two fleeing Imperial scouts have a good lead as Luke and Leia 
pursue through the giant trees at 200 miles an hour, the fire from 
their bike's laser cannon hitting harmlessly near the moving targets.

LUKE
Move closer!

Leia guns it, closing the gap, as the two scouts recklessly veer 
through a narrow gap in the trees. One of the bikes SCRAPES a tree, 
slowing the scout.

LUKE
Get alongside that one!

Leia pulls her speeder bike up so close to the scout's bike that their 
steering vanes SCRAPE noisily. Luke leaps from his bike to the back of 
the scout's, grabs the Imperial warrior around the neck, and flips him 
off the bike, into a thick tree trunk. Luke gains control of the bike 
and follows Leia, who has pulled ahead. They tear off after the 
remaining scout.

LUKE
Get him!

The speeding chase passes TWO MORE IMPERIAL SCOUTS. These two swing 
into pursuit, chasing Luke and Leia, firing away with their laser 
cannon. The two Rebels look behind them just as Luke's bike takes a 
glancing hit.

LUKE     (indicating the one ahead)
Keep on that one! I'll take these two!

With Leia shooting ahead, Luke suddenly slams his steering vanes into 
the braking mode. Luke's bike is a blur to the two pursuing scouts as 
they zip by him on either side. Luke slams his bike into forward and 
starts firing away, having switched places with his pursuers in a 
manner of seconds. Luke's aim is good and one scout's bike is blasted 
out of control. It explodes against a tree trunk.

The scout's cohort takes one glance back at the flash and shifts into 
turbo drive, going even faster. Luke keeps on his tail.

FAR AHEAD, Leia and the first scout are doing a highspeed slalom 
through the death-dealing trunks. Now Leia aims her bike skyward and 
rises out of sight.

The scout turns in confusion, unable to see his pursuer. Suddenly, Leia 
dives down upon him from above, cannon blasting. The scout's bike takes 
a glancing hit.

Leia moves in alongside him. The scout eyes her beside him, reaches 
down, and pulls out a handgun. Before Leia can react, the scout has 
blasted her bike, sending it out of control. Leia dives off as her bike 
explodes against a tree. The happy scout looks back at the explosion. 
But when he turns forward again, he is on a collision course with a 
giant fallen tree. He hits his brakes to no avail and disappears in a 
conflagration.

ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST: Luke and the last remaining scout continue 
their weaving chase through the trees. Now Luke moves up close. The 
scout responds by slamming his bike into Luke's. A fallen tree forms a 
bridge across their path. The scout zips under. Luke goes over the top 
and crashes his bike down on the scout's. Both riders look ahead - a 
wide trunk looms directly in Luke's path, but the scout's bike beside 
him makes it almost impossible for him to avoid it. Luke banks with all 
his might, leaning almost horizontal over the scout's bike, and is able 
to make it by, just clipping the tree. When he straightens, he and the 
scout discover that their two bikes have locked front vanes and are 
moving as one.

Another big tree looms in Luke's path. He reacts instinctively and 
dives off his bike. The two bikes come apart a second before Luke's 
explodes against a tree. The scout sweeps out and circles back to find 
Luke.

Luke rises from the undergrowth as the scout bears down on him and 
opens fire with his laser cannon. Luke ignites his laser sword and 
begins deflecting the bolts. The scout's bike keeps coming and it 
appears that in a second it will cut Luke in half. At the last instant, 
Luke steps aside and chops off the bike's control vanes with one mighty 
slash. The scout's bike begins to shudder, then, pitching and rolling, 
it rises up to slam directly into a tree in a giant ball of fire.

66   EXT SCOUT CAMPSITE - FOREST

Han, Chewie, and the droids, along with the rest of the squad, wait 
anxiously in the clearing. Artoo's radar screen sticks out of his domed 
head and revolves, scanning the forest. He beeps.

THREEPIO
Oh, General Solo, somebody's coming. Oh!

Han, Chewie, and the rest of the squad raise their weapons.

Luke steps out of the foliage to find the weapons trained on him. He's 
too tired to care. He plops himself down on a boulder and looks around.

HAN
Luke! Where's Leia?

LUKE     (concerned)
What? She didn't come back?

HAN
I thought she was with you.

LUKE
We got separated.

Luke and Han exchange a silent, grim look. Luke gets up wearily.

LUKE
Hey, we better go look for her.

Han nods, and signals to a Rebel officer.

HAN
Take the squad ahead.  We'll meet at the shield generator at 0300.

LUKE
Come on, Artoo.  We'll need your scanners.

Luke, Chewie, Han, and the droids move off in one direction as the 
squad proceeds in another.

THREEPIO
Don't worry, Master Luke.  We know what to do.

They move off into the woods.

THREEPIO     (to Artoo)
And you said it was pretty here. Ugh!

67   EXT FOREST CLEARING - LEIA'S CRASH SITE

A strange little furry face with huge black eyes comes slowly into 
view. The creature is an EWOK, by the name of WICKET. He seems somewhat 
puzzled, and prods Leia with a spear. The princess groans; this 
frightens the stubby ball of fuzz and he prods her again. Leia sits up 
and stares at the three-foot-high Ewok. She tries to figure out where 
she is and what has happened. Her clothes are torn; she's bruised and 
disheveled.

The Ewok jumps up and grabs a four-foot-long spear, which he holds in a 
defensive position. Leia watches him as he circles warily and begins 
poking her with the sharp point of the spear.

LEIA
Cut it out!

She stands up, and the Ewok quickly backs away.

LEIA
I'm not gonna hurt you.

Leia looks around at the dense forest, and at the charred remains of 
her speeder bike, then sits down, with a sigh, on a fallen log.

LEIA
Well, looks like I'm stuck here. Trouble is, I don't know where here 
is.

She puts her head in her hands to rub away some of the soreness from 
her fall. She looks over at the watchful little Ewok and pats the log 
beside her.

LEIA
Well, maybe you can help me. Come on, sit down.

Wicket holds his spear up warily and growls at her like a puppy. Leia 
pats the log again.

LEIA
I promise I won't hurt you. Now come here.

More growls and squeaks from the little bear creature.

LEIA
All right. You want something to eat?

She takes a scrap of food out of her pocket and offers it to him. 
Wicket takes a step backward, then cocks his head and moves cautiously 
toward Leia, chattering in his squeaky Ewok language.

LEIA
That's right. Come on. Hmmm?

Sniffing the food curiously, the Ewok comes toward Leia and sits on the 
log beside her. She takes off her helmet, and the little creature jumps 
back, startled again. He runs along the log, pointing his spear at her 
and chattering a blue streak. Leia holds out the helmet to him.

LEIA
Look, it's a hat. It's not gonna hurt you. Look. You're a jittery 
little thing, aren't you?

Reassured, Wicket lowers his spear and climbs back on the log, coming 
to investigate the helmet. Suddenly his ears perk up and he begins to 
sniff the air. He looks around warily, whispering some Ewokese warning 
to Leia.

LEIA
What is it?

Suddenly a laser bolt comes out of the foliage and explodes on the log 
next to Leia. Leia and Wicket both roll backwards off the log, hiding 
behind it. Leia holds her own laser gun ready, while Wicket disappears 
underneath the log. Another shot, and still no sight of anyone in the 
forest. Then Leia senses something and turns to find a large IMPERIAL 
SCOUT standing over her with his weapon pointed at her head. He reaches 
out his hand for her weapon.

SCOUT #l
Freeze!  Come on, get up!

She hands the weapon over, as a second scout emerges from the foliage 
in front of the log.

SCOUT #1
Go get your ride and take her back to base.

SCOUT #2
Yes, sir.

The second scout starts toward his bike, as Wicket, crouched under the 
log, extends his spear and hits the first scout on the leg. The scout 
jumps and lets out an exclamation, and looks down at Wicket, puzzled. 
Leia grabs a branch and knocks him out. She dives for his laser pistol, 
and the second scout, now on his bike, takes off. Leia fires away and 
hits the escaping bike, causing it to crash into the first scout's 
bike, which flies end over end and explodes. The forest is quiet once 
more. Wicket pokes his fuzzy head up from behind the log and regards 
Leia withÊnew respect. He mumbles his awe. Leia hurries over, looking 
around all the time, and motions the chubby little creature into the 
dense foliage.

LEIA
Come on, let's get outta here.

As they move into the foliage, Wicket takes the lead. He shrieks and 
tugs at Leia to follow him.

68   INT DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR TO EMPEROR'S TOWER

Darth Vader walks down the corridor to the Emperor's Tower and private 
elevator. The Emperor's private guard steps in Vader's path.

GUARD
Halt! The Emperor does not wish to be disturbed at the moment.

VADER        
(raising his gloved hand to the two guards and choking them with the 
Force)
The Emperor will see me, now!

GUARD
(repeating Vader's command)
The Emperor will see you, now.

69   INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

Two red Imperial Guards stand watch at the elevator as the door opens 
to reveal Vader. Vader enters the eerie, foreboding throne room. It 
appears to be empty. His footsteps echo as he approaches the throne. He 
waits, absolutely still. The Emperor sits with his back to the Dark 
Lord.

EMPEROR
I told you to remain on the command ship.

VADER
A small Rebel force has penetrated the shield and landed on Endor.

EMPEROR     (no surprise)
Yes, I know.

VADER     (after a beat)
My son is with them.

EMPEROR     (very cool)
Are you sure?

VADER
I have felt him, my Master.

EMPEROR
Strange, that I have not. I wonder if your feelings on this matter are 
clear, Lord
Vader.

Vader knows what is being asked.

VADER
They are clear, my Master.

EMPEROR
Then you must go to the Sanctuary Moon and wait for them.

VADER     (skeptical)
He will come to me?

EMPEROR
I have foreseen it. His compassion for you will be his undoing. He will 
come to you and
then you will bring him before me.

VADER     (bows)
As you wish.

The Dark Lord strides out of the throne room.

70   EXT FOREST CLEARING - LEIA'S CRASH SITE

Han, Luke, Chewie, and the two droids are spread out as they move 
through the heavy foliage near the clearing where we last saw Leia. 
Luke finds Leia's helmet, picks it up with an expression of concern.

HAN     (OS)
Luke! Luke!

Luke runs with the helmet to where Han has found the charred wreckage 
of a speeder bike in the grass.

THREEPIO
Oh, Master Luke.

LUKE
There's two more wrecked speeders back there. And I found this.

He tosses the helmet to Han.

THREEPIO
I'm afraid that Artoo's sensors can find no trace of Princess Leia.

HAN     (gravely)
I hope she's alright.

Chewbacca growls, sniffing the air, then, with a bark, pushes off 
through the foliage.

                              HAN
What, Chewie? What? Chewie!

The others rush to keep up with the giant Wookiee. As he scoots along, 
Artoo whistles nervously.

71   EXT FOREST - DENSE FOLIAGE

The group has reached a break in the undergrowth. Chewie walks up to a 
tall stake planted in the ground. There is a dead animal hanging from 
it.

HAN
Hey, I don't get it.

The rest of the group joins the Wookiee around the stake.

HAN     (cont)
Nah, it's just a dead animal, Chewie.

Chewie can't resist. He reaches toward the meat.

LUKE
Chewie, wa-wait!  Don't!

Too late. The Wookiee has already pulled the animal from the stake. 
SPROOING! The group finds itself hanging upside down in an Ewok net, 
suspended high above the clearing. Artoo lets out a wild series of 
beeps and whistles, and Chewie howls his regret. Their bodies are a 
jumble in the net. Han removes a Wookiee paw from his mouth.

HAN
Nice work. Great, Chewie! Great! Always thinking with your stomach.

LUKE
Will you take it easy? Let's just figure out a way to get out of this 
thing. 
(trying to free an arm) 
Han, can you reach my lightsaber?

HAN
Yeah, sure.

Artoo is at the bottommost point in the net. He extends his cutting 
appendage and begins slicing at the net. Han is trying to squeeze an 
arm past Threepio to get at Luke's lightsaber. The net continues to 
spin.

THREEPIO
Artoo, I'm not sure that's such a good idea. It's a very long dro-o-
op!!

Artoo has cut through and the entire group tumbles out of the net, 
crashing to the ground. As they regain their senses and sit up, they 
realize they are surrounded by dozens of Ewoks, each brandishing a long 
spear.

HAN
Wha--?  Hey!  Point that thing someplace else.

Han pushes the spear wielded by TEEBO out of his face and a second Ewok 
warrior comes up to argue with Teebo. The spear returns to Han's face. 
He grabs it angrily and starts to go for his laser pistol.

HAN
Hey!

LUKE
Han, don't. It'll be all right.

The Ewoks swarm through them and confiscate their weapons. Luke lets 
them take his lightsaber. Chewie growls at the furry critters.

LUKE
Chewie, give 'em your crossbow.

Artoo and Threepio are just untangling themselves. Threepio gets free 
of the net and sits up, rattled.

THREEPIO
Oh, my head. Oh, my goodness!

When the Ewoks see Threepio, they let out a gasp and chatter among 
themselves. Threepio speaks to them in their native tongue. The Ewok 
nearest him drops his spear and prostrates himself before the droid. In 
a moment, all the Ewoks have followed suit. Chewie lets out a puzzled 
bark. Han and Luke regard the bowed creatures in wonder. The Ewoks 
begin to chant at Threepio.

LUKE
Do you understand anything they're saying?

THREEPIO
Oh, yes, Master Luke!  Remember that I am fluent in over six million 
forms of
communication.

HAN
What are you telling them?

THREEPIO
Hello, I think... I could be mistaken. They're using a very primitive 
dialect.  But
I do believe they think I am some sort of god.

Chewbacca and Artoo think that's very funny. Han and Luke exchange 
"what next?" looks.

HAN
Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this?

THREEPIO
I beg your pardon, General Solo, but that just wouldn't be proper.

HAN
Proper?!

THREEPIO
It's against my programming to impersonate a deity.

Han moves toward Threepio threateningly.

HAN
Why, you--

Several Ewoks' spears are thrust in Han's face at the affront to their 
god. The Ewoks move in to protect their god and Han is surrounded by a 
menacing circle of spears, all aimed at him. He holds up his hands 
placatingly.

HAN
My mistake. He's an old friend of mine.

72   EXT FOREST - SERIES OF SHOTS

A procession of Ewoks winds through the ever-darkening forest. Their 
prisoners - Han, Luke, Chewie, and Artoo - are tied to long poles and 
wrapped in vines, cocoonlike.

Each pole is carried on the shoulders of several Ewoks. Behind the 
captives, Threepio is carried on a litter, like a king, by the 
remaining creatures.

73   EXT FOREST WALKWAY - MOON FOREST

The procession moves along a shaky, narrow, wooden walkway, high in the 
giant trees. It stops at the end of the walkway, which drops off into 
nothingness. On the other side of the abyss is a village of mud huts 
and rickety walkways, attached to the giant trees. The lead Ewok takes 
hold of a long vine and swings across to the village square; the other 
Ewoks follow suit.

74   EXT EWOK VILLAGE SQUARE

The procession winds its way into the village square. Mother Ewoks 
gather their babies up and scurry into their huts at the sight of the 
newcomers. The group stops before the largest hut.

Han, Luke, Chewie, and Artoo are still bound to their poles. Han is 
placed on a spit above what looks like a barbecue pit and the others 
are leaned against a tree nearby. Threepio's litter/throne is gently 
placed near the pit. He watches with rapt fascination. Han, Luke, and 
Chewie are less than fascinated.

HAN
I have a really bad feeling about this.

Chewie growls his concern.

Suddenly all activity stops as LOGRAY, the tribal Medicine Man, comes 
out of the big hut. He examines the captives carefully, goes to join 
Threepio, whose throne has been placed on an elevated platform. A 
larger, gray-haired Ewok, CHIEF CHIRPA, is examining Luke's lightsaber 
with great curiosity.

Logray speaks to Threepio and the assemblage of fuzzy Ewoks, pointing 
to the prisoners tied to the stakes. The Ewoks begin filling the pit 
under Han with firewood.

HAN
What did he say?

THREEPIO
I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears you are to be the 
main course at a
banquet in my honor.

The drums start beating, and all the furry heads turn to the large hut. 
Leia emerges, wearing an animal-skin dress. She sees what's happening 
at the same moment the prisoners see her.

HAN and LUKE
Leia!

As she moves toward them, the Ewoks block her way with raised spears.

LEIA
Oh!

THREEPIO
Your Royal Highness.

Artoo and Chewie chime in with their welcome. Leia looks at the 
assembled Ewoks and sighs.

LEIA
But these are my friends. Threepio, tell them they must be set free.

Threepio talks to Chirpa and Logray, who listen and shake their heads 
negatively. The Medicine Man gestures toward the prisoners and barks 
some orders. Several Ewoks jump up and pile more wood on the barbecue 
with vigor. Leia trades frantic looks with Luke and Han .

HAN
Somehow, I got the feeling that didn't help us very much.

LUKE
Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry 
and use your magic.

THREEPIO
But Master Luke, what magic? I couldn't possibly --

LUKE
Just tell them.

Threepio speaks to the Ewoks. The Ewoks are disturbed. Logray steps 
forward and challenges Threepio. Luke closes his eyes and begins to 
concentrate.

THREEPIO
You see, Master Luke; they didn't believe me. Just...

Now the litter/throne, with Threepio sitting upon it, rises from the 
ground. At first Threepio doesn't notice and keeps talking.

THREEPIO
... as I said they wouldn't. Wha-wha-what's happening! Oh! Oh, dear! 
Oh!

The Ewoks fall back in terror from the floating throne. Now Threepio 
begins to spin as though he were on a revolving stool, with Threepio 
calling out in total panic at his situation.

THREEPIO
Put me down! He-e-elp! Master Luke! Artoo! Somebody, somebody, help! 
Master Luke, Artoo! Artoo, quickly! Do something, somebody! Oh! Ohhh!

Chief Chirpa yells orders to the cowering Ewoks. They rush up and 
release the bound prisoners. Luke and Han enfold Leia in a group 
embrace. Luke notices the spinning Threepio, with Artoo beeping up at 
him, and slowly lowers the golden droid and the throne to the ground. 
Logray orders the little droid cut down. Artoo crashes to the ground. 
When the Ewoks set him upright, the little droid is fighting mad. Artoo 
beeps a blue streak at the nearest Ewok, and begins pursuing him, 
finally getting close enough to zap him with an electric charge. The 
Ewok jumps two feet in the air and runs away, screaming. A small group 
of Ewoks surround the giant Wookiee, scratching their heads and 
marveling at his height.

THREEPIO
Oh, oh, oh, oh! Thank goodness.

LUKE
Thanks, Threepio.

THREEPIO     (still shaken)
I...I never knew I had it in me.

75   INT CHIEF'S HUT - COUNCIL OF ELDERS

A glowing fire dances in the center of the spartan, low-ceilinged room, 
creating a kaleidoscope of shadows on the walls. Along one side, a 
group of ten Ewok elders flank Chief Chirpa, who sits on his throne. 
The Rebels sit along the walls of the hut, with Threepio between the 
two groups and Wicket and Teebo off to one side.

Threepio is in the midst of a long, animated speech in the Ewok's 
squeaky native tongue. The Ewoks listen carefully and occasionally 
murmur comments to each other. Threepio points several times at the 
Rebel group and pantomimes a short history of the Galactic Civil War, 
mimicking the explosion and rocket sounds, imitating Imperial walkers. 
Throughout the long account, certain familiar names are distinguishable 
in English: Princess Leia, Artoo, Darth Vader, Death Star, Jedi, Obi-
Wan Kenobi. Artoo begins beeping excitedly at Threepio.

THREEPIO
Yes, Artoo. I was just coming to that.

Threepio continues with: Millennium Falcon, Cloud City, Vader, Han 
Solo, carbonite, Sarlacc, bringing the history up to the present time.

At the end of it, the Chief, Logray, and the elders confer, then nod in 
agreement. The Chief stands and makes a pronouncement.

The drums begin to sound, and all the Ewoks stand with a great cheer 
and screeches.

HAN
What's going on?

LEIA
I don't know.

Luke has been sharing the joy with smiling visage, but now something 
passes like a dark cloud through his consciousness. The others do not 
notice.

THREEPIO
Wonderful! We are now a part of the tribe.

Several of the little teddy bears run up and hug the Rebels.

HAN
Just what I always wanted.

Chewbacca is being enthusiastically embraced by an Ewok, while Wicket 
clings to Han's leg.

HAN     (chuckles)
Well, short help is better than no help at all, Chewie. 
(to Wicket) 
Thank you. Okay.

THREEPIO
He says the scouts are going to show us the quickest way to the shield 
generator.

Chewie barks. Luke has drifted to the back of the hut. Now he wanders 
outside into the moonlight. Leia notices and follows.

HAN
Good. How far is it? Ask him. We need some fresh supplies, too. And try 
and get our weapons back.

Han pulls Threepio back as he keeps trying to translate.

HAN     (cont)
And hurry up, will ya? I haven't got all day.

76   EXT EWOK VILLAGE - NIGHT

The walkway is deserted now. The windows of the little huts glow and 
flicker from the fires inside. The sounds of the forest fill the soft 
night air. Luke has wandered away from the Chief's hut and stands 
staring up at the Death Star. Leia finds him like that.

LEIA
Luke, what's wrong?

Luke turns and looks at her a long moment.

LUKE
Leia... do you remember your mother? Your real mother?

LEIA
Just a little bit. She died when I was very young.

LUKE
What do you remember?

LEIA
Just...images, really. Feelings.

LUKE
Tell me.

LEIA
(a little surprised at his insistence)
She was very beautiful. Kind, but...sad.
(looks up)
Why are you asking me all this?

He looks away.

LUKE
I have no memory of my mother. I never knew her.

LEIA
Luke, tell me. What's troubling you?

LUKE
Vader is here...now, on this moon.

LEIA     (alarmed)
How do you know?

LUKE
I felt his presence. He's come for me. He can feel when I'm near. 
That's why I have to go.
(facing her)
As long as I stay, I'm endangering the group and our mission here.
(beat)
I have to face him.

Leia is distraught, confused.

LEIA
Why?

Luke moves close and his manner is gentle. And very calm.

LUKE
He's my father.

LEIA
Your father?

LUKE
There's more. It won't be easy for you to hear it, but you must. If I 
don't make it back, you're the only hope for the Alliance.

Leia is very disturbed by this. She moves away, as if to deny it.

LEIA
Luke, don't talk that way. You have a power I--I don't understand and 
could never have.

LUKE
You're wrong, Leia. You have that power too. In time you'll learn to 
use it as I have. The Force is strong in my family. My father has 
it...I have it...and...my sister has it.

Leia stares into his eyes. What she sees there frightens her. But she 
doesn't draw away. She begins to understand.

LUKE
Yes. It's you Leia.

LEIA
I know. Somehow...I've always known.

LUKE
Then you know why I have to face him.

LEIA
No! Luke, run away, far away. If he can feel your presence, then leave 
this place. I wish I could go with you.

LUKE
No, you don't. You've always been strong.

LEIA
But, why must you confront him?

LUKE
Because...there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to 
the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I 
have to try.

They hold each other close and look at each other, brother and sister.

Leia holds back her tears as Luke slowly lets her go and moves away. He 
disappears onto the walkway that leads out of the village. Leia, bathed 
in moonlight, watches him go as Han comes out of the Chief's hut and 
comes over to her. Leia is crying, her body trembling. He realizes only 
now that she is crying.

HAN
Hey, what's goin' on?

Leia attempts to stifle her sobs and wipes her eyes.

LEIA
Nothing. I - just want to be alone for a little while.

HAN     (angry)
Nothing?  Come on, tell me.  What's goin' on?

She looks up at him, struggling to control herself.

LEIA
I...I can't tell you.

HAN     (loses his temper)
Did you tell Luke? Is that who you could tell?

LEIA
I...

HAN
Ahhh...

He starts to walk away, exasperated, then stops and walks back to her.

HAN
I'm sorry.

LEIA
Hold me.

Han gathers her tightly in his protective embrace.

77   EXT FOREST - IMPERIAL LANDING PLATFORM

An Imperial shuttle floats down from the Death Star and lands 
gracefully on the huge platform.

Now, an Imperial walker approaches the platform from the darkness of 
the forest. The whole outpost - platform, walkers, military - looks 
particularly offensive in the midst of this verdant beauty.

78   EXT IMPERIAL LANDING PLATFORM - LOWER DECK

Darth Vader walks down the ramp of the shuttle onto the platform, into 
an elevator, and appears on a ramp on a lower level. He walks toward 
another ramp exit and is met by two troopers and a commander with Luke, 
in binders, at their center. The young Jedi gazes at Vader with 
complete calm.

COMMANDER
This is a Rebel that surrendered to us. Although he denies it, I 
believe there may be more of them, and I request permission to conduct 
a further search of the area.

The commander extends his hand, revealing Luke's lightsaber.

COMMANDER
He was armed only with this.

Vader looks at Luke, turns away and faces the commander, taking the 
lightsaber from the commander's hand.

VADER
Good work, Commander. Leave us. Conduct your search and bring his 
companions to me.

COMMANDER
Yes, my Lord.

The officer and troops withdraw. Vader and Luke are left standing alone 
in the oddly tranquil beauty of the place. The sounds of the forest 
filter in upon them.

VADER
The Emperor has been expecting you.

LUKE
I know, father.

VADER
So, you have accepted the truth.

LURE
I've accepted the truth that you were once Anakin Skywalker, my father.

VADER     (turning to face him)
That name no longer has any meaning for me.

LUKE
It is the name of your true self. You've only forgotten. I know there 
is good in you. The Emperor hasn't driven it from you fully. That is 
why you couldn't destroy me. That's why you won't bring me to your 
Emperor now.

Vader looks down from Luke to the lightsaber in his own black- gloved 
hand. He seems to ponder Luke's words.

VADER     (indicating lightsaber)
I see you have constructed a new lightsaber.

Vader ignites the lightsaber and holds it to examine its humming, 
brilliant blade.

VADER
Your skills are complete. Indeed, you are powerful, as the Emperor has 
foreseen.

They stand for a moment, the Vader extinguishes the lightsaber.

LUKE
Come with me.

VADER
Obi-Wan once thought as you do.

Luke steps close to Vader, then stops. Vader is still.

VADER
You don't know the power of the dark side. I must obey my master.

LUKE
I will not turn...and you'll be forced to kill me.

VADER
If that is your destiny.

LUKE
Search your feelings, father. You can't do this. I feel the conflict 
within you. Let go
of your hate.

VADER
It is too late for me, son. The Emperor will show you the true nature 
of the Force. He is
your master now.

Vader signals to some distant stormtroopers. He and Luke stand staring 
at one another for a long moment.

LUKE
Then my father is truly dead.

79   EXT ENDOR - RIDGE OVERLOOKING SHIELD GENERATOR

Han, Leia, Chewbacca, the droids, Wicket, and another Ewok scout, 
PAPLOO, hide on a ridge overlooking the massive Imperial shield 
generator. At the base of the generator is an Imperial landing 
platform. Leia studies the installation.

LEIA
The main entrance to the control bunker's on the far side of that 
landing platform. This
isn't gonna be easy.

HAN
Hey, don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily 
guarded than this.

Wicket and Paploo are chattering away in Ewok language. They speak to 
Threepio.

LEIA
What's he saying?

THREEPIO
He says there's a secret entrance on the other side of the ridge.

80   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET

The vast fleet hangs in space near a blue planet. A giant Rebel Star 
Cruiser is up at the front, but now the Millennium Flacon roars up to a 
spot ahead of it, tiny in comparison.

81   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando is in the pilot seat. His alien copilot, NIEN NUNB, takes some 
getting used to in the familiar environs of the Falcon's cockpit. Lando 
speaks into his comlink.

LANDO
Admiral, we're in position. All fighters accounted for.

ACKBAR     (VO)
Proceed with the countdown. All groups assume attack coordinates.

Lando turns to his weird copilot.

LANDO
Don't worry, my friends are down there. They'll have that shield down 
on time...
(to himself) 
or this'll be the shortest offensive of all time.

The copilot flips some switches and grunts an alien comment.

ACKBAR     (VO)
All craft, prepare to jump to hyperspace on my mark.

LANDO
All right. Stand by.

He pulls a lever, and the stars outside begin to streak.

82   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET

We are treated to an awesome sight: first the Millennium Falcon, then 
Ackbar's Star Cruiser, then, in large segments, the huge fleet ROARS 
INTO HYPERSPACE. And disappears.

83   EXT ENDOR - RIDGE OVERLOOKING CONTROL BUNKER

Han, Leia, Chewie, the droids, and their two Ewok guides, Wicket and 
Paploo, have reunited with the Rebel strike squad. The entire group is 
spread through the thick undergrowth. Below them is the BUNKER that 
leads into the generator. Four Imperial scouts, their speeder bikes 
parked nearby, keep watch over the bunker entrance. Chewie growls an 
observation, and Paploo chatters away to Han in Ewok language.

HAN
Back door, huh? Good idea.

Wicket and Paploo continue their Ewok conversation.

HAN     (cont)
It's only a few guards. This shouldn't be too much trouble.

LEIA
Well, it only takes one to sound the alarm.

HAN     (with self-confident grin)
Then we'll do it real quiet-like.

Threepio explains what is going on to Wicket and Paploo. The Ewoks 
chatter a moment between themselves. Then Paploo jumps up and scampers 
into the underbrush.

Threepio asks Wicket where Paploo went and is given a short reply.

THREEPIO
Oh! Oh, my. Uh, Princess Leia!

LEIA
Quiet.

THREEPIO
I'm afraid our furry companion has gone and done something rather rash.

LEIA
Oh, no.

84   EXT BUNKER - ENTRANCE

Paploo has slipped out of the undergrowth near where the Imperial 
scouts are lounging. He silently swings his furry ball of a body onto 
one of the scout's speeder bikes and begins flipping switches at 
random. Suddenly, the bike's engine fires up with a tremendous ROAR. 
Paploo grins and continues flipping switches. The scouts leap up in 
surprise.

85   EXT RIDGE

Han, Leia and company watch in distress. Chewie barks.

HAN     (sighs)
There goes our surprise attack.

86   EXT BUNKER

The Imperial scouts race toward Paploo just as his speeder zooms into 
motion. Paploo hangs on by his paws and shoots away into the forest.

SCOUT
Look! Over there! Stop him!

Three of the Imperial scouts jump on their rocket bikes and speed away 
in pursuit. The fourth watches them go from his post at the door.

87   EXT RIDGE

Han, Leia, and Chewie exchange delighted looks.

HAN
Not bad for a little furball. There's only one left. You stay here. 
We'll take care of this.

Han and the Wookiee nod at each other and slip down toward the bunker. 
Threepio moves to stand next to Wicket and Artoo.

THREEPIO
I have decided that we shall stay here.

88   EXT FOREST

Paploo sails through the trees, more lucky than in control. It's scary, 
but he loves it. When the Imperial scouts pull within sight behind him 
and begin firing laser bolts, he decides he's had enough. As he rounds 
a tree, out of their sight, Paploo grabs a vine and swings up into the 
trees. A moment later, the scouts tear under him in pursuit of the 
still-flying, unoccupied bike.

89   EXT BUNKER

Han sneaks up behind the remaining Imperial scout, taps him on the 
shoulder and lets the scout chase him behind the bunker into the arms 
of the waiting Rebel strike team. Han returns to the front, and taps 
out a pattern on the bunker door's control panel. Everyone stands out 
of sight, police-style, as the door opens. Han and Leia peek inside. No 
sign of life. The group enters the bunker silently, leaving one lookout 
behind.

90   INT DEATH STAR - EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM

The elevator opens. Vader and Luke enter the room alone. They walk 
across the dark space to stand before the throne, father and son side 
by side beneath the gaze of the Emperor. Vader bows to his Master.

EMPEROR
Welcome, young Skywalker. I have been expecting you.

Luke peers at the hooded figure defiantly. The Emperor then looks down 
at Luke's binders.

EMPEROR
You no longer need those.

The Emperor motions ever so slightly with his finger and Luke's binders 
fall away, clattering to the floor. Luke looks down at his own hands, 
free now to reach out and grab the Emperor's neck. He does nothing.

EMPEROR
Guards, leave us.

The red-cloaked guards turn and disappear behind the elevator.

EMPEROR     (to Luke)
I'm looking forward to completing your training. In time you will call 
me Master.

LUKE
You're gravely mistaken. You won't convert me as you did my father.

The Emperor gets down from his throne and walks up very close to Luke. 
The Emperor looks into his eyes and, for the first time, Luke can 
perceive the evil visage within the hood.

EMPEROR
Oh, no, my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are 
mistaken...about a great many things.

VADER
His lightsaber.

Vader extends a gloved hand toward the Emperor, revealing Luke's 
lightsaber. The Emperor takes it.

EMPEROR
Ah, yes, a Jedi's weapon. Much like your father's. By now you must know 
your father can never be turned from the dark side. So will it be with 
you.

LUKE
You're wrong. Soon I'll be dead...and you with me.

The Emperor laughs.

EMPEROR
Perhaps you refer to the imminent attack of your Rebel fleet.

Luke looks up sharply.

EMPEROR
Yes...I assure you we are quite safe from your friends here.

Vader looks at Luke.

LUKE
Your overconfidence is your weakness.

EMPEROR
Your faith in your friends is yours.

VADER
It is pointless to resist, my son.

The Emperor turns to face Luke.

EMPEROR     (angry)
Everything that has transpired has done so according to my design. 
(indicates Endor)
Your friends up there on the Sanctuary Moon...

Luke reacts. The Emperor notes it.

EMPEROR     (cont)
...are walking into a trap. As is your Rebel fleet! It was I who 
allowed the Alliance to know the location of the shield generator. It 
is quite safe from your pitiful little band. An entire legion of my 
best troops awaits them.

Luke's look darts from the Emperor to Vader and, finally, to the sword 
in the Emperor's hand.

EMPEROR
Oh...I'm afraid the deflector shield will be quite operational when 
your friends arrive.

91   INT BUNKER - MAIN CONTROL ROOM

Han, Leia, Chewie, and the Rebel strike team storm through a door and 
enter the main control room, taking all of the personnel prisoner.

HAN
All right! Up! Move! Come on! Quickly! Quickly, Chewie.

The Rebel troops herd the generator controllers away from their panels. 
Leia glances at one of the screens on the control panel.

LEIA
Han! Hurry! The fleet will be here any moment.

HAN
Charges!  Come on, come on!

Outside, Threepio watches nervously in the bushes as several more 
controllers and stormtroopers run into the bunker, leaving guards at 
the door.

THREEPIO     (to Wicket)
Oh, my! They'll be captured!

Wicket chatters in Ewok language, and then takes off full steam into 
the forest.

THREEPIO
Wa-wait! Wait, come back! Artoo, stay with me.

Inside the bunker, Han looks up from setting charges as an Imperial 
commander enters.

COMMANDER
Freeze! You Rebel scum.

Han and Leia spin, to find dozens of Imperial weapons trained on them 
and their cohorts. A poised force of Imperial troops surround them. 
Even more pour into the room, roughly disarming the Rebel contingent. 
Han, Leia, and Chewie exchange looks. They're helpless.

92   EXT SPACE - ENDOR, DEATH STAR, REBEL FLEET

The Death Star and its Sanctuary Moon hang distant in space as the 
Rebel fleet comes out of hyperspace with an awesome roar. The 
Millennium Falcon and several Rebel fighters are at the front as the 
space armada bears down on its target.

93   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando flips switches, checks his screen, and speaks into the radio.

LANDO
All wings report in.

WEDGE
Red Leader standing by.

GRAY LEADER
Gray Leader standing by.

GREEN LEADER
Green Leader standing by.

WEDGE
Lock S-foils in attack positions.

94   INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

From the bridge of the Rebel Headquarters Frigate, Admiral Ackbar 
watches the fighters massing outside his viewscreen.

ACKBAR
May the Force be with us.

95   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando looks worriedly at his alien copilot, Nien Nunb, who points to 
the control panel and talks to Lando.

LANDO
We've got to be able to get some kind of a reading on that shield, up 
or down. Well, how
could they be jamming us if they don't know if we're coming.

Lando shoots a concerned look out at the approaching Death Star as the 
implications of what he's just said sink in. He hits a switch on his 
comlink.

LANDO
Break off the attack! The shield is still up.

RED LEADER     (VO)
I get no reading. Are you sure?

LANDO
Pull up! All craft pull up!

The Falcon turns hard to the left. Out the window the stars and the 
Death Star move off right.

96   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR SHIELD

The Falcon and the fighters of Red Squad veer off desperately to avoid 
the unseen wall.

97   INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

Alarms are screaming and lights flashing as the huge ship changes 
course abruptly. Other ships in the fleet shoot by outside as the 
armada tries to halt its forward momentum.

ACKBAR
Take evasive action! Green Group, stick close to holding sector MV-7.

A Mon Calamari controller turns away from his screen and calls out to 
Ackbar, quite excited. The Admiral rushes over to the controller.

CONTROLLER
Admiral, we have enemy ships in sector 47.

On the screen can be seen the moon, Death Star, and the massive 
Imperial fleet. Ackbar moves to the comlink.

ACKBAR
It's a trap!

LANDO     (over comlink)
Fighters coming in.

There is much excitement on the bridge as the attack begins.

The Millennium Falcon and several squads of Rebel fighters head into an 
armada of TIE fighters. The sky explodes as a fierce dogfight ensues in 
and around the giant Rebel cruisers.

REBEL PILOT
There's too many of them!

LANDO
Accelerate to attack speed! Draw their fire away from the cruisers.

WEDGE
Copy, Gold Leader.

The battle continues around the giant cruisers.

98   INT DEATH STAR - EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM

Through the round window behind the Emperor's throne can be seen the 
distant flashes of the space battle in progress.

EMPEROR
Come, boy. See for yourself.

The Emperor is sitting in his throne, with Vader standing at his side. 
Luke moves to look through a small section of the window.

EMPEROR
From here you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance, and 
the end of your insignificant Rebellion.

Luke is in torment. He glances at his lightsaber sitting on the armrest 
of the throne. The Emperor watches him and smiles, touches the 
lightsaber.

EMPEROR
You want this, don't you? The hate is swelling in you now. Take your 
Jedi weapon. Use it. I am unarmed. Strike me down with it. Give in to 
your anger. With each passing moment, you make yourself more my 
servant.

Vader watches Luke in his agony.

LUKE
No!

EMPEROR
It is unavoidable. It is your destiny. You, like your father, are now 
mine!

99   EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER

Han, Leia, Chewie, and the rest of the strike team are led out of the 
bunker by their captors. The surrounding area, deserted before, is now 
crowded with two-legged Imperial walkers and hundreds of Imperial 
troops. The situation looks hopeless.

STORMTROOPER
All right, move it! I said move it! Go on!

From the undergrowth beyond the clearing comes a wild series of beeps 
and whistles. 
And --

THREEPIO
Hello! I say, over there! Were you looking for me?

BUNKER COMMANDER
Bring those two down here!

STORMTROOPER
Let's go!

Artoo and Threepio are standing near one of the big trees. As six 
Imperial stormtroopers rush over to take them captive, the two droids 
duck out of sight behind the tree.

THREEPIO
Well, they're on their way. Artoo, are you sure this was a good idea?

STORMTROOPER
Freeze! Don't move!

THREEPIO
We surrender.

The stormtroopers come around the tree and find the two droids waiting 
quietly to be taken. As the Imperial troops move to do that, however, a 
band of Ewoks drops down from above and overpowers them.

THREEPIO
Ohhh! Stand back, Artoo.

In a nearby tree, an Ewok raises a horn to his lips and sounds the EWOK 
ATTACK CALL. All hell breaks loose as hundreds of Ewoks throw their 
fuzzy bodies into the fray against the assembled stormtroopers and 
their awesome two-legged walkers. Biker scouts dart about blasting 
Ewoks, only to be crushed by a volley of rocks tossed by Ewoks from the 
trees above.

In the confusion of the battle, Han and Leia break away and dive for 
the cover of the bunker door as explosions erupt around them. Han goes 
to the bunker door control panel.

LEIA
The code's changed. We need Artoo!

HAN
Here's the terminal.

LEIA     (into comlink)
Artoo, where are you? We need you at the bunker right away.

Artoo and Threepio are hiding behind a log as the battle ragesaround 
them. Suddenly the stubby little astrodroid lets out a series of 
whistles and shoots off across the battlefield. Threepio, panicked, 
runs after him.

THREEPIO
Going? What do you mean, you're going. But-- but going where, Artoo? 
No, what! Artoo! Oh, this is no time for heroics. Come back!

Biker scouts race around and over the two droids, blasting away at the 
little Ewoks as the furries scurry for cover.

A group of Ewoks have moved a primitive catapult into position. They 
fire off a large boulder that hits one of the walkers. The walker turns 
and heads for the catapult, blasting away with both guns. The Ewoks 
abandon their weapons and flee in all directions. Just as the walker 
moves in to stomp the catapult, Ewoks drop vines restraining two huge 
logs that swing down and smash thewalker's head flat.

A line of Ewoks hang desperately to a vine that is hooked to a walker's 
foot. As the walker moves along, the fuzzy creatures are dragged 
behind.

Two speeder bikes chase Ewoks through the underbrush. As the scouts 
round a tree, they are knocked off their bikes by a vinetied between 
two trees.

100  EXT SPACE

The Falcon and other Rebel fighters are engaged in a ferocious combat 
with Imperial TIE fighters, the battle raging around thecruisers of the 
Rebel armada.

101  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
Lando is in radio communication with the pilots of the other Rebel 
squads.

LANDO
Watch yourself, Wedge! Three from above!

WEDGE
Red Three, Red Two, pull in!

RED TWO
Got it!

RED THREE
Three of them coming in, twenty degrees!

WEDGE
Cut to the left! I'll take the leader! They're heading for the medical 
frigate.

Lando steers the Falcon through a complete flip, as his crew fires at 
the TIEs from the belly guns.

NAVIGATOR
Pressure's steady.

The copilot Nien Nunb chatters an observation.

LANDO
Only the fighters are attacking.  I wonder what those Star Destroyers 
are waiting for.

102  EXT SPACE - IMPERIAL FLEET  

The giant Imperial Star Destroyer waits silently some distance from the 
battle. The Emperor's huge Super Star Destroyer rests in the middle of 
the fleet.

103  INT SUPER STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

Admiral Piett and two fleet commanders watch the battle at the huge 
window of the Super Star Destroyer bridge.

COMMANDER
We're in attack position now, sir.

PIETT
Hold here.

COMMANDER
We're not going to attack?

PIETT
I have my orders from the Emperor himself. He has something special 
planned for them. We only need to keep them from escaping.

104  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

The Emperor, Vader, and a horrified Luke watch the aerial battle 
fireworks out the window and on the viewscreens. Another Rebel ship 
explodes against the protective shield.

EMPEROR
As you can see, my young apprentice, your friends have failed. Now 
witness the firepower of this fully armed and operational battle 
station.
(into comlink)
Fire at will, Commander.

Luke, in shock, looks out across the surface of the Death Star to the 
Rebel fleet beyond.

105  INT DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

Controllers pull back on several switches. Commander Jerjerrod stands 
over them.

JERJERROD
Fire!

106  INT DEATH STAR - BLAST CHAMBER

A button is pressed, which switches on a panel of lights. A hooded 
Imperial soldier reaches overhead and pulls a lever. A huge beam of 
light emanates from a long shaft. Two stormtroopers stand to one side 
at a control panel.

107  EXT DEATH STAR

The giant laser dish on the completed half of the Death Star begins to 
glow; Then a powerful beams shoots out toward the aerial battle.

108  EXT SPACE - AIR BATTLE

The air is thick with giant ships. In among them, Rebel X-wings 
dogfight with Imperial TIE fighters. Now an enormous Rebel cruiser is 
hit by the Death Star beam and is blown to dust.

The Millennium Falcon roars over CAMERA, followed closely byseveral TIE 
fighters.

109  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

The ship is buffeted by the tremendous explosion of the Rebel cruiser. 
Lando and his copilot are stunned by the sight of the Death Star 
firepower.

LANDO
That blast came from the Death Star! That thing's operational! 
(into comlink)
Home One, this is Gold Leader.

110  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

Ackbar stands amid the confusion on the wide bridge and speaks into the 
comlink.

ACKBAR
We saw it. All craft prepare to retreat.

LANDO
You won't get another chance at this, Admiral.

ACKBAR
We have no choice, General Calrissian. Our cruisers can't repel 
firepower of that magnitude.

LANDO
Han will have that shield down. We've got to give him more time.

111  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER

Artoo and Threepio make it to the door, as Han and Leia provide cover 
fire.

THREEPIO
We're coming!

HAN
Come on! Come on!

THREEPIO
Oh, Artoo, hurry!

The little droid moves to the terminal and plugs in his computer arm. A 
large explosion hits near Artoo, knocking him head over heels, finally 
landing on his feet. The stubby astrodroid's head is spinning and 
smoldering. Suddenly there is a loud SPROOING and Han and Leia turn 
around to see Artoo with all his compartment doors open, and all of his 
appendages sticking out; water and smoke spurt out of the nozzles in 
his body. Han rushes to the terminal, as Threepio rushes to his wounded 
companion.

THREEPIO
My goodness! Artoo, why did you have to be so brave?

HAN
Well, I suppose I could hotwire this thing.

LEIA
I'll cover you.

Ewoks in handmade, primitive hanggliders drop rocks onto the 
stormtroopers, divebombing their deadly adversaries.  One is hit in the 
wing with laser fire and crashes. A walker lumbers forward, shooting 
laser blasts at frantic Ewoks running in all directions.  Two Ewoks are 
struck down by laser blasts.  One tries to awaken his friend, then 
realizes that he is dead.

112  EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR

The Rebel fleet continues to be picked off, from one side by the Death 
Star's deadly beam, from the other by the rampaging Imperial Star 
Destroyers.

113  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando steers the Falcon wildly through an obstacle course of floating 
giants. He's been yelling into the comlink.

LANDO     (desperately)
Yes! I said closer! Move as close as you can and engage those Star 
Destroyers at point-
blank range.

ACKBAR
At that close range, we won't last long against those Star Destroyers.

LANDO
We'll last longer then we will against that Death Star...and we might 
just take a few of
them with us.

The Rebel cruisers move very close to the Imperial Star Destroyers and 
begin to blast away at point-blank range. Tiny fighters race across the 
giant surfaces, against a backdrop of laser fire.

The control tower of a Star Destroyer is under attack.

REBEL PILOT
She's gonna blow!

Y-WING PILOT
I'm hit!

The damaged Y-wing plummets toward the Star Destroyer, and crashes into 
the control tower, exploding.

114  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

Out of the window and on the view screens, the Rebel fleet is being 
decimated in blinding explosions of light and debris. But in here there 
is no sound of battle. The Emperor turns to Luke.

EMPEROR
Your fleet has lost. And your friends on the Endor moon will not 
survive. There is no escape, my young apprentice. The Alliance will 
die...as will your friends.

Luke's eyes are full of rage. Vader watches him.

EMPEROR
Good. I can feel your anger. I am defenseless.  Take your weapon! 
Strike me down with all your hatred, and your journey towards the dark 
side will be complete.

Luke can resist no longer. The lightsaber flies into his hand. He 
ignites it in an instant and swings at the Emperor. Vader's lightsaber 
flashes into view, blocking Luke's blow before it can reach the 
Emperor. The two blades spark at contact. Luke turns to fight his 
father.

115  EXT FOREST

The battle rages on. Stormtroopers fire on Ewoks with sophisticated 
weapons while their furry little adversaries sneak up behind the 
Imperial troopers and bash them over the head with large clubs.

A walker marches through the undergrowth blasting Ewoks as it goes. An 
Ewok warrior gives the signal, and a pile of logs is cut loose. The 
logs tumble under the walker's feet, causing it to slip and slide until 
it finally topples over with a great crash.

A scout bike races past and is lassoed with a heavy vine. The other end 
of the vine is tied to a tree, and the bike swings around in ever-
tightening circles until it runs out of rope and
crashes into the trees with a huge explosion.

Chewie swings on a vine to the roof of one of the walkers. Two Ewoks 
cling to him. They land with a thud on the top of the lurching machine, 
then hang on for dear life. One of the Ewoks peeks through the window.

WALKER PILOT #1
Look!

PILOT #2
Get him off of there!

The walker pilot opens the hatch to see what's going on. He is yanked 
out and tossed overboard before he can scream. The two Ewoks jump into 
the cockpit and knock the second pilot unconscious. The Ewoks are 
thrown violently as the mighty machine careens out of control. Outside, 
Chewie is almost knocked overboard; he sticks his head into the hatch 
with a series of angry barks. The Ewoks are too busy and frightened to 
listen to the Wookiee's complaint. Chewie slips inside the walker.

Chewbacca's walker moves through the forest, firing laser blasts at 
unsuspecting stormtroopers, and destroying other Imperial walkers. The 
Ewoks shout and cheer as the giant machine helps turn the tide of the 
battle in their favor.

116  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER

Han works furiously at the control panel; wires spark as he attempts to 
hotwire the door. He motions to Leia, who is blasting away at some 
stormtroopers.

HAN
I think I got it. I got it!

The three wires spark as the connection is made. With a LOUD WHOOSH, a 
second blast door crashes down in front of the first.

Han frowns and turns back to the wires again. Leia exchanges shots with 
stormtroopers in the bushes, then suddenly cries out in pain, her 
shoulder hit by a laser blast.

THREEPIO
Oh, Princess Leia, are you all right?

HAN
Let's see.

LEIA
It's not bad.

STORMTROOPER     (OS)
Freeze!

They freeze.

THREEPIO
Oh, dear.

STORMTROOPER
Don't move!

Leia holds her laser gun ready, behind Han, out of view of the two 
stormtroopers moving toward them. Han and Leia's eyes lock; the moment 
seems suspended in time.

HAN
I love you.

Another shared look between them, as she smiles up at Han.

LEIA
I know.

STORMTROOPER
Hands up! Stand up!

Han stands up slowly and turns, revealing the gun in Leia's hand. She 
disposes of the stormtroopers in a flash. As Han turns back toward 
Leia, he looks up to see a giant walker approach and stand before him, 
its deadly weapons aimed right at him.

HAN     (to Leia)
Stay back.

The hatch on top of the walker opens and Chewie sticks his head out and 
barks triumphantly.

HAN
Chewie!  Get down here!  She's wounded!  No, wait....  I got an idea.

117  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

Luke and Vader are engaged in a man-to-man duel of lightsabers even 
more vicious then the battle on Bespin. But the young Jedi has grown 
stronger in the interim, and now the advantage shifts to him. Vader is 
forced back, losing his balance, and is knocked down the stairs. Luke 
stands at the top of the stairs, ready to attack.

EMPEROR (laughing)
Good.  Use your aggressive feelings, boy!  Let the hate flow through 
you.

Luke looks momentarily toward the Emperor, then back to Vader, and 
realizes he is using the dark side. He steps back, turns off his 
lightsaber, and relaxes, driving the hate from his being.

VADER
Obi-Wan has taught you well.

LUKE
I will not fight you, father.

Vader walks back up the stairs to Luke.

VADER
You are unwise to lower your defenses.

Vader attacks, forcing Luke on the defensive. The young Jedi leaps in 
an amazing reverse flip up to the safety of the catwalk overhead. Vader 
stands below him.

LUKE
Your thoughts betray you, father. I feel the good in you...the 
conflict.

VADER
There is no conflict.

LUKE
You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before, and I don't believe 
you'll destroy me
now.

VADER
You underestimate the power of the dark side. If you will not fight, 
then you will meet
your destiny.

Vader throws the laser sword and it cuts through the supports holding 
the catwalk, then returns to Vader's hand. Luke tumbles to the ground 
in a shower of sparks and rolls out of sight under the Emperor's 
platform. Vader moves to find him.

EMPEROR     (laughs)
Good.  Good.

118  EXT SPACE - AIR BATTLE

The two armadas, like their sea-bound ancestors, blast away at each 
other in individual point-blank confrontations. A Star Destroyer 
explodes. The Rebel victor limps away, its back half alive with a 
series of minor explosions. The Rebel cruiser manages to move in next 
to a second Star Destroyer before it explodes completely, taking the 
Imperial Star Destroyer with it. The Falcon and several fighters attack 
one of the larger Imperial ships.

LANDO
Watch out. Squad at .06.

REBEL PILOT
I'm on it, Gold Leader.

WEDGE
Good shot, Red Two.

LANDO
Now...come on, Han, old buddy. Don't let me down.

119  INT BUNKER - CONTROL ROOM

Controllers watch the main viewscreen on which a vague figure of an 
Imperial walker pilot can be seen. There is a great deal of static and 
interference.

HAN/PILOT     (VO)
It's over, Commander. The Rebels have been routed. They're fleeing into 
the woods. We
need reinforcements to continue the pursuit.

The controllers cheer.

CONTROL ROOM COMMANDER
Send three squads to help. Open the back door.

SECOND COMMANDER
Yes, sir.

120  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER

As the door to the bunker opens and the Imperial troops rush out, 
they're surprised to find themselves surrounded by Rebels, their 
weapons pointed at them. Ewoks holding bows and arrows appear on the 
roof of the bunker. The Imperial troops throw down their guns
as Han and Chewie rush inside the bunker with explosive charges.

121  INT BUNKER - CONTROL ROOM

Han, Chewie, and several troops rush into the control room and plant 
explosive charges on the control panels and rush out.

HAN
Throw me another charge.

122  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

Vader stalks the low-ceilinged area on the level below the throne, 
searching for Luke in the semi-darkness, his lightsaber held ready.

VADER
You cannot hide forever, Luke.

LUKE
I will not fight you.

VADER
Give yourself to the dark side. It is the only way you can save your 
friends. Yes, your
thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them are strong. Especially 
for...

Vader stops and senses something. Luke shuts his eyes tightly, in 
anguish.

VADER
Sister! So...you have a twin sister. Your feelings have now betrayed 
her, too. Obi-Wan
was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure is complete. If you will 
not turn to the dark
side, then perhaps she will.

LUKE
Never-r-r!

Luke ignites his lightsaber and screams in anger, rushing at hisfather 
with a frenzy we have not seen before. Sparks fly as Luke and Vader 
fight in the cramped area. Luke's hatred forces Vader to retreat out of 
the low area and across a bridge overlooking a vast elevator shaft. 
Each stroke of Luke's sword drives his father further toward defeat.

The Dark Lord is knocked to his knees, and as he raises his sword to 
block another onslaught, Luke slashes Vader's right hand off at the 
wrist, causing metal and electronic parts to fly from the mechanical 
stump. Vader's sword clatters uselessly away, over the
edge of the platform and into the bottomless shaft below. Luke moves 
over Vader and holds the blade of his sword to the Dark Lord's throat. 
The Emperor watches with uncontrollable, pleased agitation.

EMPEROR
Good! Your hate has made you powerful. Now, fulfill your destiny and 
take your father's
place at my side!

Luke looks at his father's mechanical hand, then to his own mechanical, 
black-gloved hand, and realizes how much he is becoming like his 
father. He makes the decision for which he has spent a lifetime in 
preparation. Luke steps back and hurls his lightsaber away.

LUKE
Never! I'll never turn to the dark side. You've failed, Your Highness. 
I am a Jedi,
like my father before me.

The Emperor's glee turns to rage.

EMPEROR
So be it...Jedi.

123  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER

Han and several of the fighters run out of the bunker and race across 
the clearing.

HAN
Move! Move!

A shock wave knocks them flat as the bunker explodes, followed by a 
spectacular display as the huge shield-generator radar dish explodes 
along with the bunker.

124  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

Ackbar, sitting in his control chair, speaks into the radio.

ACKBAR
The shield is down! Commence attack on theDeath Star's main reactor.

LANDO
We're on our way. Red Group, Gold Group, all fighters follow me. 
(laughs)
Told you they'd do it!

The Falcon, followed by several smaller Rebel fighters, heads toward 
the unfinished superstructure of the Death Star.

125  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

Luke stands still, as the Emperor reaches the bottom of thestairs. The 
Emperor's laughter has turned to anger. He raises his arms toward Luke.

EMPEROR
If you will not be turned, you will be destroyed.

Blinding bolts of energy, evil lightning, shoot from the Emperor's 
hands at Luke. Even in his surprise, the young Jedi tries to use the 
Force to deflect them. At first he is half successful, but after a 
moment the bolts of energy are coming with such speed and power the 
young Jedi shrinks before them, his knees buckling. The wounded Vader 
struggles to his feet, and moves to stand at his master's side.

EMPEROR
Young fool...only now, at the end, do you understand.

Luke is almost unconscious beneath the continuing assault of the 
Emperor's lightning. He clutches a canister to keep from falling into 
the bottomless shaft as the bolts tear through him.

EMPEROR
Your feeble skills are no match for the power of the dark side. You 
have paid the price for
your lack of vision.

Luke writhes on the floor in unbearable pain, reaching weakly up toward 
where Vader stands watching.

LUKE     (groans)
Father, please. Help me.

Again Vader stands, watching Luke. He looks at his master, the Emperor, 
then back to Luke on the floor.

EMPEROR
Now, young Skywalker...you will die.

Although it would not have seemed possible, the outpouring of bolts 
from the Emperor's fingers actually increases in intensity, the sound 
screaming through the room. Luke's body writhes in pain.

Vader grabs the Emperor from behind, fighting for control of the robed 
figure despite the Dark Lord's weakened body and gravely weakened arm. 
The Emperor struggles in his embrace, his bolt-shooting hands now 
lifted high, away from Luke. Now the white lightning arcs back to 
strike at Vader. He stumbles with his load as the sparks rain off his 
helmet and flow down over his black cape. He holds his evil master high 
over his head and walks to the edge of the abyss at the central core of 
the throne room. With one final burst of his once awesome strength, 
Darth Vader hurls the Emperor's body into the bottomless shaft.

The Emperor's body spins helplessly into the void, arcing as it falls 
into the abyss. Finally, when the body is far down the shaft, it 
explodes, creating a rush of air through the room.Vader's cape is 
whipped by the wind and he staggers, and collapses toward the 
bottomless hole. Luke crawls to his father's side and pulls him away 
from the edge of the abyss to safety. Both the young Jedi and the giant 
warrior are too weak to move.

126  EXT/INT - SPACE BATTLE - FIGHTER AND DEATH STAR

Rebel fighters follow the Falcon across the surface of the Death Star 
to the unfinished portion, where they dive into the superstructure of 
the giant battle station, followed by many TIE fighters.

WEDGE
I'm going in.

LANDO
Here goes nothing.

Three X-wings lead the chase through the ever-narrowing shaft, followed 
by the Falcon and four other fighters, plus TIE fighters who 
continually fire at the Rebels. Lights reflect off the pilot's faces as 
they race through the dark shaft.

LANDO
Now lock onto the strongest power source. It should be the power 
generator.

WEDGE
Form up. And stay alert. We could run out of space real fast.

The fighters and the Falcon race through the tunnel, still pursued by 
the TIE fighters. One of the X-wings is hit from behind and explodes.

LANDO
Split up and head back to the surface. See if you can get a few of 
those TIE fighters to
follow you.

PILOT
Copy, Gold Leader.

The Rebel ships peel off pursued by three of the TIE's, while Lando and 
Wedge continue through the main tunnel. It narrows, and the Falcon 
scrapes the side dangerously. Two other TIE fighters continue to blast 
away at them.

LANDO
That was too close.

Nien Nunb agrees. The battle between the Rebel and Imperial fleet rages 
on. Several cruisers fire at the giant Super Star Destroyer.

127  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

ACKBAR
We've got to give those fighters more time. Concentrate all fire on 
that Super Star Destroyer.

X-wings pilots head across the surface of the huge battleship.

128  INT VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

Admiral Piett and a commander stand at the window, looking out to the 
battle. They look concerned.

CONTROLLER
Sir, we've lost our bridge deflector shield.

PIETT
Intensify the forward batteries. I don't want anything to get through.

The commander is looking out of the window where a damaged Rebel 
fighter is out of control and heading directly toward the bridge.

PIETT
Intensify forward firepower!

COMMANDER
It's too late!

The Rebel pilot screams as his ship hits the Star Destroyer, causing a 
huge explosion. The giant battle ship loses control, crashes into the 
Death Star, and explodes.

129  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

There is excitement on the bridge as the battle rages on all sides. 
They cheer as the giant Star Destroyer blows up.

130  INT DEATH STAR - MAIN DOCKING BAY

Chaos. For the first time, the Death Star is rocked by explosions as 
the Rebel fleet, no longer backed against a wall, zooms over, unloading 
a heavy barrage. Imperial troops run in all directions, confused and 
desperate to escape.

In the midst of this uproar, Luke is trying to carry the enormous 
deadweight of his father's weakening body toward an Imperial shuttle. 
Finally, Luke collapses from the strain. The explosions grow louder as 
Vader draws him closer.

VADER     (a whisper)
Luke, help me take this mask off.

LURE
But you'll die.

VADER
Nothing can stop that now. Just for once... let me look on you with my 
own eyes.

Slowly, hesitantly, Luke removes the mask from his father's face. There 
beneath the scars is an elderly man. His eyes do not focus. But the 
dying man smiles at the sight before him.

ANAKIN     (very weak)
Now...go, my son. Leave me.

LUKE
No. You're coming with me. I can't leave you here. I've got to save 
you.

ANAKIN
You already have, Luke. You were right about me. Tell your sister...you 
were right.

LUKE
Father...I won't leave you.

Darth Vader, Anakin Skywalker...Luke's father, dies.

A huge explosion rocks the docking bay. Slowly, Luke rises and, half 
carrying, half dragging the body of his father, stumbles toward a 
shuttle.

131  EXT DEATH STAR

The Millennium Falcon leads a swerving bomb run through the immense 
superstructure of the half-built Death Star. The Rebel Star Cruisers 
outside continually bombard the huge station. And each direct hit is 
answered by resonating, chain-reaction explosions within the station 
itself.

132  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT AND GUN PORTS

Lando's crew fires away at the pursuing TIE fighters as the dashing 
Baron of Bespin and his alien copilot home in on the main reactor 
shaft. It is awesome. A lone X-wing is just in front of the Falcon.

WEDGE
There it is!

LANDO
All right, Wedge. Go for the power regulator on the north tower.

WEDGE
Copy, Gold Leader. I'm already on my way out.

The X-wing heads for the top of the huge reactor and fires several 
proton torpedoes at the power regulator, causing a series of small 
explosions.

The Falcon heads for the main reactor, and when it is dangerously 
close, Lando fires the missiles, which shoot out of the Falcon with a 
powerful roar, and hit directly at the center of the main reactor.

He maneuvers the Falcon out of the winding superstructure just ahead of 
the continuing chain of explosions.

133  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

Ackbar and other Mon Calamari lean on the railing of the bridge, 
watching the large screen showing the Death Star in the main briefing 
room.

ACKBAR
Move the fleet away from the Death Star.

134  EXT DEATH STAR

An Imperial shuttle, with Luke alone in the cockpit, rockets out of the 
main docking bay as that entire section of the Death Star is blown 
away.

Finally, just as it looks like the Falcon will not make it, Lando 
expertly pilots the craft out of the exploding superstructure and 
whizzes toward the Sanctuary Moon, only a moment before the Death Star 
supernovas into oblivion.

135  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando and Nien Nunb laugh and cheer in relief.

136  EXT ENDOR FOREST

Han and Leia, Chewie, the droids, the Rebel troops, and the Ewoks all 
look to the sky as the Death Star reveals itself in a final flash of 
self-destruction. They all cheer.

THREEPIO
They did it!

Han looks town from the sky to Leia, a look of concern on his face. 
Leia continues to look at the sky as though listening for a silent 
voice.

HAN
I'm sure Luke wasn't on that thing when it blew.

LEIA
He wasn't. I can feel it.

HAN
You love him, don't you?

Leia smiles, puzzled.

LEIA
Yes.

HAN
All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back, I won't get in the 
way.

She realizes his misunderstanding.

LEIA
Oh. No, it's not like that at all. He's my brother.

Han is stunned by this news. She smiles, and they embrace.

137  EXT ENDOR FOREST - NIGHT

Luke sets a torch to the logs stacked under a funeral pyre where his 
father's body lies, again dressed in black mask and helmet. He stands, 
watching sadly, as the flames leap higher to consume Darth Vader -- 
Anakin Skywalker.

In the sky above, fireworks explode and Rebel fighters zoom above the 
forest.

138  EXT EWOK VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT

A huge bonfire is the centerpiece of a wild celebration. Rebels and 
Ewoks rejoice in the warm glow of firelight, drums beating, singing, 
dancing, and laughing in the communal language of victory and 
liberation.

Lando runs in and is enthusiastically hugged by Han and Chewie. Then, 
finally, Luke arrives and the friends rush to greet and embrace him. 
They stand close, this hardy group, taking comfort in each other's 
touch, together to the end.

Rebels and Ewoks join together in dancing and celebration. The original 
group of adventurers watch from the sidelines. Only Luke seems 
distracted, alone in their midsts, his thoughts elsewhere.

He looks off to the side and sees three shimmering, smiling figures at 
the edge of the shadows: Ben Kenobi, Yoda, and Anakin Skywalker.

We hone in on a snake crawling through the undergrowth.

TITLES

INT. DARK ROOM - NIGHT TIME

An old man lights a gas oven with a match, he is preparing food.
He notices a light on in the large house opposite, he stops what
he's doing and walks to the door.

OLD MAN
Bloody kids.

He leaves the house and heads towards the light.


EXT. DARKNESS

The old man is wandering up to the house carrying a lit torch.
He opens the front door, inside is just as dark. He begins climbing
the stairs, we hear whispers and hushed voices coming from upstairs.
The old man waits outside the room where the conversation is
taking place and listens on.

WORMTAIL
Oh no no no my Lord Voldemort. I only
meant... perhaps if we were to do it
without the boy..

VOLDEMORT
NO! The boy is everything, it cannot
be done without him and it WILL be done
exactly as I say.

UNKNOWN MAN
I will not disappoint you my lord.


VOLDEMORT
Good. First, gather our old comrades.
Send them a sign.

A snake slithers past the old man and into the room.

VOLDEMORT
Nagini tells me the old caretaker is
standing outside the door.

Wormtail stands in the doorway and looks at the old man. The
old man looks terrified.

VOLDEMORT
Step aside so I can give our guest a
proper greeting.

A loud spell is cast and Harry wakes up in a flash of panic.



INT. BEDROOM

HERMIONE
Harry!

Harry is flustered and still panicing.

HERMIONE
Are you alright?

HARRY
Hermione. Bad dream. When did you get
here?

HERMIONE
Just now. You?

HARRY
Last night.

Hermione goes over to Ron's bed.

HERMIONE
Wake up. Wake up Ronald!

RON
Bloody hell.

HERMIONE
Honestly. Get dressed, and don't go
back to sleep. Come on Ron! Your mother
says breakfast's ready.


EXT. GRASSLAND

HARRY
Where are we actually going?

RON
Don't know. Hey Dad! Where are we going?


ARTHUR
Haven't the foggiest, keep up!

AMOS
Arthur! It's about time son.

ARTHUR
Sorry Amos. Some of us had a bit of
a sleepy start. This is Amos Diggory
everyone, he works with me at the ministry.
And this strapping young lad must be
Cedric, am I right?

CEDRIC
Yes sir.

AMOS
Merlin's beard, you must be Harry Potter.


HARRY
Yes sir. This way.

AMOS
Great great pleasure.

They shake hands.

HARRY
Pleasure to meet you too sir.

They walk on up the hill.

ARTHUR
That's it sir, just over there.

AMOS
Shall we? We don't want to be late.


Camera homes in on a boot on top of the hillside.

HARRY
Why are they all standing around that
manky old boot?

FRED
That isn't just any old manky boot mate.


GEORGE
It's a portkey.

Everyone is in a circle putting their hands on the boot.

AMOS
Time to go. Ready?

HARRY
What's a 'portkey'?

AMOS
After 3. One... Two...

ARTHUR
Harry!

Harry rushes over and puts his hand on the boot.

AMOS
Three!

There's a white flash and suddenly they're all flying through
the air. Everyone cheers.

ARTHUR
Let go kids!

HERMIONE
What??

ARTHUR
Let! Go!

Harry, Hermione and the young Weasleys crash to the ground with
a thump. Arthur, Amos and Cedric come down more gracefully.


ARTHUR
I bet that cleared your sinuses eh?


Cedric helps Harry to his feet.

HARRY
Thanks.

They walk across the field and we see there's a massive crowd
gathered and cheering, tents are set up all over.

ARTHUR
Well kids, welcome to the Quidditch
World Cup!

They walk into the crowd, taking in the sights. Music is playing
and people fly about overhead on brooms. They approach a small
tent.

AMOS
Parting of the waves I think old chap,
see you at the match.

Amos and Cedric separate and walk off.

HARRY
See ya later Cedric.

ARTHUR
Home sweet home.


INT. TENT

They enter the tent, the inside is many times bigger than the
outside.

ARTHUR
Girls. Choose a bunk and unpack. Ron,
get out of the kitchen we're all hungry.


TWINS
Yeah get out of the kitchen Ron.

ARTHUR
Feet off the table.

TWINS
Feet off the table.

They take their feet off the table and put them back on as soon
as Arthur has walked past.

HARRY
(Smiling) I love magic.


EXT. HILLSIDE

We pan up the hillside onto a large stadium which seems to have
a huge number of floors.

INT. STADIUM

The Weasleys and Harry are finding their seats.

RON
Blimey Dad, how far up ARE we?

Lucius Malfoy and Draco are walking below them.

LUCIUS
Well put it this way, if it rains...
you'll be the first to know

DRACO
Father and I are in the minister's box,
by personal invitation of Cornelius
Fudge himself.

LUCIUS
Don't boast Draco. There's no need with
these people. Do enjoy yourself won't
you. While you can.

The ceremonies begin. Balloons fly and fireworks go off.

ARTHUR
Come on up, take your seats. I told
you these seats would be worth waiting
for.

GEORGE
Come on!

FRED
It's the Irish!

Five green and white figures fly through the air on their brooms
leaving a colored trail behind them. A glittering leprechaun
appears in the sky and starts dancing. Everyone is excited.


GEORGE
Here come the Bulgarians!

Five red figures this time, one of them performs a stunt on his
broom. One of them appears on the large screen. The crowd begins
to chant 'Krum, Krum, Krum'.

WEASLEYS
Krum!!!

GEORGE
Yes!

Viktor Krum waves to the crowd.

ANNOUNCER
Good evening! It gives me great pleasure
to welcome each and every one of you
to the final of the 422nd Quidditch
World Cup. Let the match begin!


INT. TENT

RON
There's no one like Krum. He's like
a bird the way he rides the wind. He's
more than an athlete, he's an artist.


The twins are bumbling about in a comical way muttering 'KRUMMMM'.


GINNY
Think you're in love Ron?

TWINS
(Singing) Viktor I love you! Viktor
I do!

Harry joins in.

BOYS
When we're apart my heart beats only
for youuu!

FRED
Sounds like the irish have got their
pride on.

ARTHUR
Stop! Stop it. It's not the irish. We've
gotta get out of here. Now.


EXT. OUTSIDE THE TENT

ARTHUR
Get back to the portkey everybody, and
stick together. Fred, George... Ginny
is your responsibility.

Some figures in pointed hoods carrying flaming torches are walking
across the campsite chanting ominous noises. The crowd is paniced
and rushing all over. Harry is trampled unconscious.


EXT. OUTSIDE - TIME PASSED

The crowds have all gone. A man walks through the rubble kicking
at things. He casts a spell which causes a bright flash and a
large ghostly skull forms in the sky with a snake crawling from
it. The man grins evilly, clearly demented. Harry stirs and witnesses
the man standing there. Harry runs. The familiar voices of Ron
and Hermione are calling for him.

RON
Been looking for you for ages. Thought
we lost you.

HARRY
What is THAT?

They look at the monstrous thing in the sky, Harry holds his
head in pain. Suddenly they are fired on.

ARTHUR
Stop! That's my son.

Arthur and others approach.

ARTHUR
Ron, Harry, Hermione are you alright?


BARTY
Which of you conjured this?

ARTHUR
You can't possibly..

BARTY
Do not lie! You have been discovered
at the scene of the crime!

HARRY
Crime?

ARTHUR
Barty, they're just kids.

HARRY
What crime?

HERMIONE
Harry it's his mark.

HARRY
Those people tonight, in the masks...
they're his too aren't they? they're
his followers.

BARTY
Follow me.

HARRY
There was a man. Before. There.

BARTY
All of you, this way.

ARTHUR
Harry, who?

HARRY
I dunno. I didn't see his face.


INT. TRAIN CARRIAGE

Harry, Ron and Hermione are seated on a train. A voice calls
out.

LADY OFFSCREEN
Anything from the trolley? Anything
from the trolley?

The lady appears at their door.

LADY
Anything from the trolley dears?

RON
Packet of drewbals and a liquorice wand.


Ron sees he hasn't enough money.

RON
On second thought, just the drewbals.


HARRY
It's alright I'll get it.

RON
Just the drewbals, thanks.

Cho Chan walks up to the trolley.

CHO
Two pumpkin pasties please.

Harry and Cho look at each other and smile.

CHO
Thank you.

LADY
Anything sweet for you dear?

HARRY
Oh no thank you I'm not hungry.

HERMIONE
This is horrible, how can the ministry
not know who conjured it. Isn't there
any security or?

RON
Loads according to Dad, that's what
worried them so much. Happened right
under their noses.

Hermione sees Harry rubbing his head.

HERMIONE
It's hurting again isn't it, your scar.


HARRY
I'm fine.

HERMIONE
You know Sirius will want to hear about
this. What you saw at the world cup,
and the dream.

Harry has written a letter, he marks Sirius Black on an envelope
and gives it to an owl.


EXT. HOGWARTS

We see four flying horses flying through the air pulling a carriage
coming in to land at Hogwarts. The crowds cheer.

HAGRID
Clear the runway.

HARRY
Well there's something you don't see
every day.

A large ship emerges from under the water and approaches too.


DUMBLEDORE
Now we're all settled in and sorted,
I'd like to make an announcement. This
castle will not only be your home this
year but home to some very special guests
as well. You see Hogwarts has been choosen...


A man runs up the aisle limping in a comical way, he whispers
something to Dumbledore and leaves in the same fashion.

DUMBLEDORE
So Hogwarts has been choosen to host
a legendary event. The Tri-Wizard tournament.
Now for those of you who do not know,
the tri-wizard tournament brings together
three schools for a series of magical
contests. From each school a single
contestant is selected to compete. Now
let me be clear, if choosen you stand
alone. And trust me when I say these
contests are not for the faint hearted,
but more of that later. For now please
join me in welcoming the lovely ladies
of the Beauxbatons Academy of magic
and their headmistress Madam Maxime.


A group of girls dressed in blue dance up the aisle and release
butterflies into the air. They bow and everyone applauds.

STUDENT
Blimey, that's one big woman.

DUMBLEDORE
And now our friends from the north,
please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang
and the high master Igor Karkaroff.


A series of older boys walk up the aisle brandishing bo staffs,
twirling them around and periodically stabbing them into the
ground with a spark effect.

RON
Blimey it's him, Viktor Krum!

The boys breathe some fire.

IGOR
Albus!

DUMBLEDORE
Igor.

They embrace.


EXT. HOGWARTS - STORMY - NIGHT

MADAME MAXIME
Professor Dumbledore, my horses have
travelled a long way. They will need
attending to.

DUMBLEDORE
Not to worry Madame Maxime, our gamekeeper
Hagrid's more than capable of seeing
to them.

MADAME MAXIME
But you know Monsieur Hagrid, they drink
only single malt whiskey.

The man seated next to Hagrid yelps. Hagrid has stabbed a fork
into his hand.

MAN
You idiot!


INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM

DUMBLEDORE
Your attention please! I would like
to say a few words. Eternal glory, that
is what awaits the student who wins
the tri-wizard tournament. But to do
this that student must survive three
tasks. Three extremely dangerous tasks.


FRED
Wicked.

DUMBLEDORE
For this reason the ministry has seen
fit to impose a new rule. To explain
all this we have the head of the department
of international magic cooperation Mister
Bartimus Crouch.

Thunder roars overhead, rain begins leaking through the roof
and screams break out. A strange man stands in the doorway, he
casts some magic upwards and seals the roof. Peace is restored.


RON
Bloody hell, it's Mad-Eye Moody.

HERMIONE
Alastor Moody? The aura.

RON
He was a catcher. Half the cells in
Azkaban are full thanks to him. He's
supposed to be mad as a hatter though
these days.

This character enters the room and begins walking. We see Harry
through his mechanical eye. He limps, breathing heavily as he
goes.

DUMBLEDORE
My dear old friend, thanks for coming.


MAD-EYE
That stupid roof.

Mad-Eye takes a drink.

PUPIL
What's that he's drinking do you suppose?


HARRY
I don't know but I don't think it's
Pumpkin Juice.

BARTY
After much deliberation the ministry
has concluded that for their own safety
no student under the age of seventeen
shall be allowed to put forth their
name for the tri-wizard tournament.
This decision is final.

The crowd is unsettled, people are booing.

GEORGE
That's rubbish! You don't know what
you're doing!

DUMBLEDORE
Silence!

Dumbledore casts magic over a box which melds into a goblet containing
a blue flame.

DUMBLEDORE
The goblet of fire. Anyone wishing to
submit themselves for the tournament
merely write their name upon a piece
of parchment and throw it in the flame
before this hour on Thursday night.
Do not do so lightly, if choosen there's
no turning back. As from this moment
the tri-wizard tournament has begun.



INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM - NIGHT

We see a suspicious character enter the room where the goblet
is still burning and close the door behind him.


INT. CLASSROOM

MAD-EYE
Alastor Moody.

He writes his name on the board.

MAD-EYE
Ministry malcontent. And your new defence
against the dark arts teacher. I'm here
because Dumbledore asked me, end of
story, goodbye, the end. Any questions?
When it comes to the dark arts, I believe
in a practical approach. But first,
which of you can tell me how many unforgivable
curses there are?

HERMIONE
Three sir.

MAD-EYE
And they are so named?

HERMIONE
Because they are unforgivable. Use of
any one of them will...

MAD-EYE
Will earn you a one way ticket to Azkaban.
Correct. Now the ministry says you're
too young to see what these curses do.
I say different! You need to know what
you're up against, you need to be prepared,
you need to find somewhere else to put
your chewing gum other than the underside
of your desk Mr Finnigan!

PUPIL
Aw no way, the old codger can see out
the back of his head.

Mad-Eye throws the chalk in anger.

MAD-EYE
So, which curse shall we see first?
WEASLEY!

RON
Yes...

MAD-EYE
Give us a curse.

RON
Well, my dad did tell me about one...
The imperious curse.

MAD-EYE
Ahhh yes, your father would know all
about that. Gave the ministry quite
a bit of grief a few years ago. Perhaps
this will show you why.

Mad-Eye pops open a jar with a spider in it.

MAD-EYE
Hello. What a little beauty.

He uses his wand to send it around the class.

MAD-EYE
Don't worry. Completely harmless.

The class is unsettled.

MAD-EYE
But if she bites... she's lethal!

Draco laughs.

MAD-EYE
What are you laughing at?

Mad-Eye sends the spider onto Draco's face.

MAD-EYE
Talented isn't she? What shall I have
her do next? Jump out the window? Drown
herself?

Mad-Eye has the spider over a bucket of water, it's wriggling.


MAD-EYE
Scores of witches and wizards have claimed
that they only do did you-know-whose
bidding under the influence of the imperious
curse. But here's the rub, how do we
sort out the liars? Another.. another..
Come on come on. Longbottom is it? Up.


Neville Longbottom stands.

MAD-EYE
Professor Sprout tells me you have an
aptitude for herbology.

NEVILLE
There's the um... The cruciatus curse.


MAD-EYE
Correct! Correct! come come. Particularly
nasty. The torture curse.

Mad-Eye begins torturing the spider with magic, it squeals.


HERMIONE
Stop it! Can't you see it's bothering
him, stop it!

Mad-Eye stops. Neville is disturbed. Mad-Eye picks up the spider
which is still making a noise.

MAD-EYE
Perhaps you could give us the last unforgivable
curse Miss Granger.

Hermione shakes her head. He casts a spell and the spider disintegrates.


MAD-EYE
The killing curse. Only one person is
known to have survived it. And he's
sitting in this room.

He approaches Harry's desk and takes a drink.


INT. STAIRS

RON
Brilliant isn't he! Completely demented
of course. Terrifying to be in the same
room with, he's really BEEN there you
know.

HERMIONE
There's a reason those curses are unforgivable,
and to perform them in a classroom.
I mean did you see Neville's face.


They see a boy on the stairs facing the window.

HERMIONE
Neville?

Mad-Eye approaches Neville and pats him on the shoulder.

MAD-EYE
Son. You alright?

Neville nods.

MAD-EYE
Come on, we'll have a cup of tea. I
want to show you something.


INT. GOBLET ROOM

Older students are placing their names into the flame and others
are applauding, Cedric is one of them.

RON
Eternal glory, be brilliant wouldn't
it? In three years from now we'll be
old enough to be choosen.

HARRY
Yeah well rather you than me.

The twins come up cheering.

GEORGE
Thank you thank you, well lads we've
done it.

FRED
Cooked it up just this morning.

HERMIONE
It's not going to work.

FRED
Oh yeah? And why's that Granger.

HERMIONE
You see this? This is an age line. Dumbledore
drew it himself.

FRED
So?

HERMIONE
So a genius like Dumbledore couldn't
possibly be fooled by something pathetically
dimwitted such as an age potion.

GEORGE
That's why it's so brilliant.

GEORGE
Ready Fred?

FRED
Ready George?

They jump inside the age line, and cheer. They put their names
in the flame and do a high-five. The flame fires up and they're
flung across the room onto the floor. When they get up they have
full heads of grey hair and beards.

GEORGE
You said..

Fred You said..

They roll around fighting on the floor and the crowd cheer. The
room suddenly becomes silent as Viktor Krum walks in and puts
his name in the flame. He looks at Hermione and she smiles.



INT. GOBLET ROOM - THURSDAY NIGHT

DUMBLEDORE
Sit down please. And now the moment
you've all been waiting for, the champions
selection!

Dumbledore approaches the blue flame and it glows red. A name
comes out. Everyone looks on anxiously.

DUMBLEDORE
The Durmstrang champion is ... Viktor
Krum!

The Durmstrang crowd cheer. Another name comes out.

DUMBLEDORE
The champion from Beauxbatons... Fleur
Delacour

The Beauxbatons girls cheer as Fleur walks up. Another name comes
out.

DUMBLEDORE
The Hogwarts champion... Cedric Diggory.


Hogwarts pupils cheer as Cedric takes the stage.

DUMBLEDORE
Excellent! we now have our three champions!
But in the end only one will go down
in history. Only one will hoist this
chalice of champions, this vessel of
victory the tri-wizard cup!

People cheer, but the goblet glows red once more and another
name flies out. Dumbledore takes it and reads...

DUMBLEDORE
Harry Potter. Harry Potter?

HAGRID
No... No.

DUMBLEDORE
Harry Potter!

HERMIONE
Go on Harry. Harry for goodness sake.


Harry slowly walks up. Dumbledore gives him the paper. Voices
in the crowd shout out.

VOICE
He's a cheat! He's not even seventeen
yet.


INT. ROOM

Harry is in a room with the other champions. Dumbledore bursts
in and grabs Harry.

DUMBLEDORE
Harry! Did you put your name in the
goblet of fire?

HARRY
No sir.

DUMBLEDORE
Did you ask one of the older students
to do it for you?

HARRY
No sir.

DUMBLEDORE
You're absolutely sure?

HARRY
Yes sir.

MADAME MAXIME
Well of course he is lying.

MAD-EYE
The hell he is. The goblet of fire is
an exceptionally powerful magical object,
only an exceptionally powerful conjurer
could have hoodwinked it. Magic way
beyond the talents of a fourth year.


IGOR
You seem to have given this a fair bit
of thought Mad-Eye.

MAD-EYE
It was once my job to think as dark
wizards do Karkaroff perhaps you remember?


DUMBLEDORE
That doesn't help Alastor. Leave this
to you Barty.

BARTY
The rules are absolute, the goblet of
fire constitutes a binding magical contract.
Mr Potter has no choice, he is as of
tonight... a tri-wizards champion.



INT. DARKENED TOWER ROOM

MCGONAGALL
This can't go on Albus. First the dark
mark, now this?

DUMBLEDORE
What do you suggest Minerva?

MCGONAGALL
Put an end to it. Don't let Potter compete.


DUMBLEDORE
You heard Barty the rules are clear.


MCGONAGALL
Well the devil with Barty and his rules.
And since when did you accomodate them...


SEVERUS
Master I too find it difficult to believe
this mere coincidence, if we are to
truly discover the meaning of these
events perhaps we should for the time
being let them unfold.

MCGONAGALL
Do nothing?? Offer him up as bait? Potter
is a boy not a piece of meat.

DUMBLEDORE
I agree with Severus. Alastor, keep
an eye on Harry will you?

MAD-EYE
I can do that.

DUMBLEDORE
Don't let him know though, he must be
anxious enough as it is... knowing what
lies ahead. Then again, we all are.



INT. BEDROOM

RON
How did you do it?

Harry is silent.

RON
Never mind. Doesn't matter. You could
have let your best friend know though.


HARRY
Let you know what?

RON
You know bloody well what.

HARRY
I didn't ask for this to happen Ron.
Okay? You're being stupid.

RON
Yeah that's me, Ron Weasley... Harry
Potter's stupid friend.

HARRY
I didn't put my name in that cup. I
don't WANT eternal glory I just wanna
be.. Look, I don't know what happened
tonight and I don't know why, it just
did ok.

RON
Piss off.


INT. HOGWARTS

A woman appears in a puff of smoke. She's well groomed and dressed
colorfully.

RITA
What a charismatic quartet. Hello!


The four tri-wizard champions are stood together in a group.
She walks over to them and shakes each of their hands.

RITA
I'm Rita Skeeter, I write for the daily
prophet. But of course you know that
don't you. It's you we don't know, you're
the news. What quirks lurk beneath those
rosy cheeks? what mysteries do the muscles
mask? does courage lie beneath those
curls? In short, what makes a champion
tick. Me, myself and I want to know.
Not to mention my rabid readers. So,
who's feeling up to sharing? Mmm? Shall
we start with the youngest. Lovely.


She takes Harry by the hand into a closet.

RITA
This is cosy.

HARRY
It's a broomcupboard.

RITA
You should feel right at home then.
Don't mind if I use the quill do you?


HARRY
Oh, no.

RITA
So Harry, here you sit, a mere boy of
twelve..

HARRY
I'm fourteen.

RITA
...about to compete against three students.
Not only vastly more emotionally mature
than yourself but have mastered spells
that you wouldn't attempt in your dizziest
daydreams. Concerned?

HARRY
I dunno I haven't really thought about
it.

RITA
Course you're not just any ordinary
boy of twelve are you...

HARRY
Fourteen.

RITA
The story's legend. Do you think it
was the trauma of your past that made
you so keen to enter such a dangerous
tournament.

HARRY
No I didn't enter.

RITA
Course you didn't. Everyone loves a
rebel Harry. (to the quill) Scratch
that last. Speaking of your parents,
were they alive, how do you think they'd
feel? proud? or concerned that your
attitude shows at best a pathological
need for attention, at worst a psychotic
deathwish.

HARRY
(looking at the notepad) Hey, my eyes
aren't glistening with the ghosts of
my past.


INT. ROOFTOP

An owl flies in with a letter for Harry, he takes it and begins
to read.

SIR
(VOICEOVER) Harry. I couldn't risk sending
Edward. It was since the world cup and
the ministry's been intercepting more
and more owls and she's too easily recognised.
We need to talk Harry. Face to face.
Meet me in the Griffindore common room
at one o clock this Saturday night and
make sure you're alone. P.S....

The owl nips Harry's finger.

HARRY
AGH!

SIR
(VOICEOVER CONT'D) The bird bites.



INT. GRIFFINDORE COMMON ROOM

HARRY
Sirius?

Harry picks up a newspaper, the headline reads "THE CHAMPIONS
ARE SELECTED" and reads.

RITA
(VOICEOVER) Harry Potter aged 12, suspect
entrant in the tri-wizard tournament.
His eyes swimming with the ghosts of
his...

Her voice becomes desperate as he crumples up the newspaper and
puts it on the fire. The fire flares up a little, a face appears
in it.

HARRY
Sirius?! How...

SIR
I don't have much time Harry so let
me get straight to it. Did you or did
you not put your name into the goblet
of fire?

HARRY
No!

SIR
Shh... I had to ask. Now, tell me about
this dream of yours. You mentioned Wormtail
and Voldemort, but who was the third
man in the room?

HARRY
I dunno.

SIR
You didn't hear a name?

HARRY
No. Umm.. Voldemort was giving him a
job to do. Something important.

SIR
What was that?

HARRY
He wanted... me. I dunno why, but he
was gonna use this man to get to me.
I mean it was only a dream right?


SIR
Yes. It's just a dream. Look Harry,
the deatheaters at the world cup, your
name rising from that goblet these are
not just coincidences. Hogwarts isn't
safe any more.

HARRY
What are you saying?

SIR
I'm saying the devils are inside the
walls. Igor Karkaroff, he was a deatheater.
And no one, no one stops being a deatheater.
Then there's Barty Crouch, heart of
stone, sent his OWN son to Azkaban.


HARRY
Do you think one of them put my name
in the goblet?

SIR
I haven't a clue who put your name in
that goblet Harry but whoever did it
is no friend to you. People die in this
tournament.

HARRY
I'm not ready for this Sirius.

SIR
You don't have a choice.

HARRY
Someone's coming!

SIR
Keep your friends close Harry.

Ron enters the room.

RON
Who you talking to?

HARRY
Who says I was talking to anyone.

RON
I heard voices.

HARRY
Maybe you're imagining things, wouldn't
be the first time.

RON
You're probably just practicing for
your next interview I expect.

Ron leaves. Harry goes to the fire again but Sirius is gone.
The newspaper in the fire has the headline "TEENAGE TRAGEDY".



EXT. LAKESIDE

NEVILLE
Amazing. Amazing.

HARRY
Neville! You're doing it again!

NEVILLE
Oh, right sorry.

HARRY
(reading a book) Magical water plants
of the highland Lochs?

NEVILLE
Moody gave it to me. That day we had
tea.

Neville waves. Hermione and Ron are walking up to them.

HERMIONE
(Whispering to Ron) We've already been
through enough people why don't you
just go and do it yourself? Ughh. What
do you want me to say again?

Ron whispers some words to Hermione. It's clear Ron and Harry
are not on speaking terms.

Hermione walks up to Harry.

HERMIONE
Ronald would like me to tell you that
Seamus told him that Dean was told by
Parvati that Hagrid was looking for
you.

HARRY
Is that right? Well.... what?

HERMIONE
Uhhh...

She walks back to Ron for more whispering and comes back.

HERMIONE
Dean was told by Parvati that... Please
don't ask me say it again. Hagrid's
looking for you.

HARRY
Well you can tell Ronald...

HERMIONE
I'm NOT an owl!


INT. FOREST

Harry and Hagrid are walking through a dark forest.

HAGRID
Did you bring your father's cloak like
I asked you?

HARRY
Yeah I brought the cloak. Hagrid where
are we going?

HAGRID
You'll see soon enough. Pay attention
this is important.

HARRY
What's with the flower? Hagrid have
you combed your hair?

Hagrid is looking more dapper than usual and is carrying a big
red flower.

HAGRID
As a matter of fact I have. You might
like to try the same thing now and again.


We hear animal noises. Madame Maxime calls out to Hagrid.

MADAME MAXIME
Hagrid?

HAGRID
Oh, the cloak. Put the cloak on.

Harry does as he's told.

HAGRID
Bonsoir Olympe.

MADAME MAXIME
Oh Hagrid. I thought you weren't coming,
I thought perhaps... you had... forgotten
me.

HAGRID
Couldn't forget you Olympe.

MADAME MAXIME
What is it you want to show me? When
we spoke earlier you sounded so exhilirated.


HAGRID
You'll be glad you came. Trust me.


A dragon nearby gives a loud roar.

MADAME MAXIME
Ahh, c'est magnifique!

In an opening we see people are running about, dragons are roaring
and breathing fire.

MADAME MAXIME
Can we get closer?

HARRY
Dragons? That's the first task? You're
joking.

HAGRID
Come on Harry. They're seriously misunderstood
creatures.

A huge flame fires up.

HAGRID
Although, I have to admit that horntail
is a right nasty piece of work. Poor
Ron nearly fainted just seeing him you
know.

HARRY
Ron was here?

HAGRID
Oh sure. His brother Charlie helped
bring him over from Romania. Didn't
Ron tell you that?

HARRY
No he didn't. He didn't tell me a thing.



EXT. HOGWARTS - DAYTIME

We're zoomed in on a badge, it depicts Cedric on a bright yellow
background. Then the badge spins and shows Harry on a green background
with the words "Potter Stinks" on it. As Harry walks along other
pupils aim insults at him saying he stinks. A young boy runs
past.

BOY
Cedric rules!

HARRY
Thanks.

Harry gets to a doorway, two pupils stand in his way.

BOY
Like the badge?

HARRY
Excuse me..

They laugh, Harry pushes his way through. He approaches Cedric
who is standing around with his friends. Cedric's friends hurl
off more insults.

HARRY
(to Cedric) Can I have a word?

CEDRIC
Alright.

They walk away some distance.

HARRY
Dragons. That's the first task. They've
got one for each of us.

CEDRIC
Are you serious? And Fleur and Krum,
do they...?

HARRY
Yes.

CEDRIC
Right. Hey listen, about the badges.
I've asked them not to wear them.


HARRY
Don't worry about it.

Ron and Seamus are walking along. Harry approaches them.

HARRY
(To Ron) You're a right foul git you
know that?

RON
You think so?

HARRY
I know so.

RON
Anything else?

HARRY
Yeah. Stay away from me.

RON
Fine.


Draco calls out, he's sitting up a tree.

DRACO
Why so tense Potter? My father and I
have a bet you see. I don't think you're
gonna last ten minutes in this tournament.
He disagrees. He thinks you won't last
FIVE.

HARRY
I don't give a damn what you or your
father thinks Malfoy. He's vile and
cruel, and you're just pathetic.

Harry walks away and Draco angrily tries casting a spell. Mad-Eye
appears and quickly turns Malfoy into a ferret.

MAD-EYE
I'll teach you to cast when someone's
back is turned.

MCGONAGALL
Professor Moody what are you doing?


MAD-EYE
Teaching.

MCGONAGALL
Is that a student?

MAD-EYE
Technically it's a ferret.

Mad-Eye is making the ferret hover around. He sends it up the
trouser leg of one of Draco's friends. He squirms and looks uncomfortable.
Everyone else is laughing. Mad-Eye winks to Harry and he laughs.
Eventually it comes back out and McGonagall turns Draco back
to normal.

DRACO
My father will hear about this!

MAD-EYE
Is that a threat!

Draco runs away. Mad-Eye shouts after him.

MAD-EYE
I could tell you stories about your
father that would curl even your greasy
hair boy! It doesn't end here!

MCGONAGALL
We never use transfigration as a punishment,
surely Dumbledore told you that.

MAD-EYE
He might've mentioned it.

MCGONAGALL
Well you will do well to remember it.


MAD-EYE
(To Harry) come with me.


INT. MAD-EYE'S ROOM

Mad-Eye takes off his prosthetic leg and takes a seat.

MAD-EYE
That's a foal glass. Lets me keep an
eye on my enemies. If I can see the
whites of their eyes they're standing
right behind me.

A noise emerges from a trunk on the floor and it shakes.

MAD-EYE
Wouldn't even bother telling you what's
in ther. You wouldn't believe it if
I did. Now... what are you going to
do about your dragon?

HARRY
Oh... um... You know I just thought
I'd...

MAD-EYE
Sit. Listen to me Potter. Your pal Diggory,
by your age he could take a whistle
into a watch and have it sing you the
time. Miss Delacour, she's as much a
fairy princess as I am. As for Krum,
his head may be filled with sawdust
but Karkaroff's is NOT. They'll have
a strategy, and you can bet that it'll
play to Krum's strengths. Hmm? Come
on Potter. What are your strengths?


HARRY
Um... I dunno.. I can fly. I mean I'm
a fair flyer.

MAD-EYE
Better than fair the way I heard it.


HARRY
But I'm not allowed a broom.

MAD-EYE
You're allowed a wand.


EXT. ARENA - TOURNAMENT STAGE 1

The crowds are cheering, people are taking bets.


INT. WAITING TENT

Harry is pacing nervously. Hermione is standing by the tent door
whispering in.

HERMIONE
Pssst! Harry? Is that you?

HARRY
Yeah.

HERMIONE
How are you feeling? OK? The key is
to concentrate. After that you just
have to...

HARRY
Battle a dragon.

Hermione enters the tent and they hug. A bright camera flashes,
Rita Skeeter the journalist approaches.

RITA
Young love! Ohh how.. stirring. If everything
goes unfortunately today you might make
the front page.

VIKTOR
(To Rita) You have no business here.
This tent is for champions and friends.


RITA
No matter. We've got what we wanted.


Rita leaves and Dumbledore enters.

DUMBLEDORE
Good day champions. Gather round please.
Now you've waited, you've wondered and
at last the moment has arrived. The
moment only four of you can fully appreciate.


The champions gather around him in a circle.

DUMBLEDORE
What are you doing here Miss Granger?


HERMIONE
Oh um.. Sorry I'll just go.

DUMBLEDORE
Barty. The bag.

BARTY
Champions, in a circle around me. Miss
Delacour over here, Mr Krum, and Potter
over here. Right. Miss Delacour, if
you will...

Barty holds up a bag. Fleur takes out a little green dragon.


BARTY
The welsh green. Mr Krum...

Viktor takes another out

BARTY
The chinese fireball. Oooooh.

Cedric picks one.

BARTY
The swedish short-snout. Which leaves...


HARRY
The horntail...

BARTY
What's that boy?

HARRY
Nothing.

Harry puts his hand in the bag and pulls out the dragon.

BARTY
The hungarian horntail. These represent
very real dragons, each of which has
been given a golden egg to protect.
Your objective is simple, collect the
egg. This you must do, for each egg
contains a clue without which you cannot
hope to proceed to the next task. Any
questions?

DUMBLEDORE
Very well. Good luck champions. Mr Diggory
the sound of the cannon...

The cannon fires immediately.

Transcribed by IMSDb.com


INT. TENT

Harry is sitting alone nervously.

DUMBLEDORE
(VOICEOVER THE LOUDSPEAKER) Three of
our champions have now faced their dragons
and so each one of them will proceed
to the next task. And now our fourth
and final contestant.

Harry enters the rocky arena. The crowd are cheering his name.
He sees the golden egg sitting alone, he makes a run for it but
the dragon appears. Harry's forced to retreat behind a rock as
the dragon flames him. Harry stumbles and falls around the arena.


HERMIONE
Your wand harry! Your wand!

Harry summons a broom. He jumps on and flies off, the dragon
gives chase. The dragon bursts through the crowd and they look
stunned.


EXT. HOGWARTS SKY

Harry is flying at high speed around the Hogwarts buildings.
The dragon cuts him off and whips him off his broom, he lands
on the roof of Hogwarts, hanging on for dear life. The dragon
is clambering across the roof, strewing tiles as it goes. Harry
reaches his broom but it's stuck. He jerks it loose and lets
go of the roof just in time before the dragon swipes at him.
He falls a long way but regains control. He flies on to an area
with a bridge, he flies through a gap in the bridge but the dragon
crashes into it and falls into the water.


INT. ARENA

The crowds are mostly silent. We see Harry flying towards us
and the crowd erupts. He goes straight for the golden egg.



INT. HOGWARTS

Harry is lifting the golden egg, people around him cheering.
The Weasly twins have Harry sitting on their shoulders.

GEORGE
We knew you wouldn't die Harry.

FRED
Lose a leg.

GEORGE
Or an arm.

FRED
Pack it in altogether.

TWINS
NEVER!

SEAMUS
Go on Harry, what's the clue?

Seamus hands Harry the golden egg.

HARRY
Who wants me to open it? You want me
to open it?

He opens the egg and a loud horrific screech comes out, he closes
it again.

HARRY
What the bloody hell was that?

Ron appears in the doorway.

FRED
Alright everyone, go back to your knitting.
This is gonna be uncomfortable enough
without all you nosey sods listening
in.

RON
I reckon you'd have to be barking mad
to put your own name in the goblet of
fire.

HARRY
Caught on have you. Took you long enough.


RON
Wasn't just me who thought you'd done
it. Everyone was saying it behind your
back.

HARRY
Brilliant. That makes me feel loads
better.

RON
At least I warned you about the dragons.


HARRY
Hagrid warned me about the dragons.


RON
Oh no no, I did. Don't you remember?
I told Hermione to tell you that Seamus
told me that Parvati told Dean that
Hagrid was looking for you. Seamus never
actually told me anything, so it was
really me all along. I thought you'd
be alright, you know, after you figured
that out.

HARRY
Who could possibly figure that out?
That's completely mental.

RON
Yeah it is isn't it. Suppose I was a
bit distraught.

HERMIONE
Boys.


INT. CLASSROOM

Harry is looking at Cho. When she looks back he spills drink
from his mouth. They laugh at him.

HERMIONE
(Reading a newspaper) Look at this!
I can't believe it she's done it again.
Miss Granger a plain but ambitious girl
seems to be developing a taste for famous
wizards. Her latest prey sources report
is none other than the Bulgarian bon-bon
Viktor Krum. No word yet on how Harry
Potter's taking this latest emotional
blow.

A young boy walks up holding a package.

NIGEL
Parcel for you Mr Weasley.

RON
Thank you Nigel.

Nigel is gazing at Harry.

RON
Not now Nigel. Later. Go on.

Nigel leaves.

RON
I told him I'd get him Harry's autograph.
Oh look mum's sent me something. Mum
sent me a dress??

HARRY
Well it does match your eyes. Is there
a bonnet?

RON
Ginny these must be for you.

GINNY
I'm not wearing that it's ghastly.


Hermione laughs.

RON
What are you on about?

HERMIONE
They're not for Ginny they're for you!
Dress robes.

RON
Dress robes? for what?


INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM

MCGONAGALL
The yule ball has been a tradition of
the tri-wizard tournament since its
inception. On Christmas eve night we
and our guests gather in the great hall
for well mannered frivolity. As representitives
of the host school I expect each and
every one of you to put your best foot
forward, and I mean this literally because
the yule ball is first and foremost...
a dance.

Groans emerge from the boys who are listening on. The girls seem
a lot more excited.

MCGONAGALL
Silence. The house of Godrick Griffindore
has commanded the respect of the wizard
world for nearly ten centuries. I will
not have you in the course of a single
evening besmirching that name by behaving
like a babbling, bumbling band of baboons.


FRED
(Whispering to George) Try saying that
five times faster.

They try.

MCGONAGALL
(Continued) Now to dance is to let the
body breathe, inside every girl a secret
swan slumbers longing to burst forth
and take flight.

RON
(Whispering to Seamus) Something's about
to burst out of Hilary but I don't think
it's a swan.

MCGONAGALL
Inside every boy a lordly lion prepared
to prance. Mr Weasly, will you join
me.

She grabs Ron and pulls him up to dance.

MCGONAGALL
Now, place your right hand on my waist.


RON
Where?

MCGONAGALL
My waist.

He does so and a wolf whistle comes from the crowd.

MCGONAGALL
Now bend your arm. Mr Filch...

The music starts.

MCGONAGALL
One two three, one two three, one two
three.

HARRY
(To the Weasly twins) Oi! Never gonna
let him forget this are you?

TWINS
Never.

MCGONAGALL
Everybody come together.

The girls instantly stand and walk forward, the boys are all
still seated.

MCGONAGALL
Boys, on your feet.

Neville stands.


EXT. HOGWARTS - DAYTIME

HARRY
Why do they always have to travel in
packs? How are you supposed to get one
alone to ask them...

RON
Blimey Harry, you slayed dragons. If
you can't get a date who can?

HARRY
I think I'd take the dragon right now.


Groups of girls are giving them icy looks and turning their backs.



INT. HOGWARTS

Hagrid and Madame Maxime are walking together.

HAGRID
I take after my mum. Though I didn't
know her very well, she left when I
was about three. No, not the maternal
sort her, broke my dad's heart though.
You know he was a tiny little fellow
my dad, I could pick him up with one
hand by the age of six and put him up
in the dresser.

They laugh together and have a moment.

HAGRID
And then he died when I was still in
school. So I had to make me own way
as it were. But enough of me, what about
you!


EXT. LAKESIDE

Viktor Krum is training, a group of girls are following him around.



INT. CLASSROOM

RON
This is mad. At this rate we'll be the
only ones in our year without dates.


Severus Snape walks past and slaps Ron over the head.

RON
Well, us and Neville!

HARRY
But then again he can take himself.


HERMIONE
It might interest you to know that Neville's
already got someone.

Ron gasps.

RON
Now I'm really depressed.

Fred hands Ron a note, it reads "GET A MOVE ON OR ALL THE GOOD
ONES WILL HAVE GONE!".

RON
Well Hermione, you're a girl.

HERMIONE
Oh well spotted.

RON
Come on. It's one thing for a bloke
to show up alone. For a girl it's just
sad.

HERMIONE
I won't be going alone because believe
it or not someone's asked me. And I
said yes.

RON
Bloody hell.

Hermione storms off.

RON
Look. We've just got to grit our teeth
and do it. Tonight when we get back
to the common room, we'll both have
partners. Agreed?

HARRY
Agreed.


EXT. HOGWARTS - SNOWY

Harry is walking up some steps. He reaches the top and bumps
into Cho who has come around the corner.

CHO
Harry!

HARRY
Cho!

CHO
Watch yourself on the stairs, it's a
bit icey at the top.

HARRY
Ok thanks. Cho?

CHO
Yes?

HARRY
Um. (Mumbling) I just wondered if maybe
you wanted to go to the ball with me?


CHO
Sorry? I didn't catch that.

HARRY
Um. I was just wondering if maybe you
wanted to go to the ball with me.


CHO
Oh. Um. Harry I'm sorry but someone's
already asked me. And well I've said
I'll go with him.

HARRY
Ok. Great. Fine. No problem. Good.


CHO
Harry I really am sorry.


INT. COMMON ROOM

Ron is being helped into the room, he looks shaky.

HARRY
What happened to you?

GIRL
He just asked Fleur Delacour out.

HERMIONE
What?

HARRY
What did she say?

HERMIONE
No of course.

Ron shakes his head.

HERMIONE
She said yes??

HARRY
Don't be silly.

RON
There she was walking by. You know I
like it when they walk. I couldn't help
it, it just sort of slipped out.

GIRL
Actually he sort of screamed at her,
it was a bit frightening.

HARRY
What did you do then?

RON
What else? I ran for it. I'm not cut
out for this Harry. I don't know what
got into me.

The Patil twins walk past.

PATILS
Hi Harry.

HARRY
Hey!


INT. DANCEHALL

Soft music plays and everyone is well dressed, gathered in the
hall.


ELSEWHERE

Ron is getting dressed in front of a mirror. He looks paniced
and uncomfortable in his ridiculous dress robes.

RON
Bloody hell.

Harry walks in, he's dressed in a more conventional suit.

RON
What are those??

HARRY
My dress robes.

RON
Well they're alright. No lace, no dodgy
little collar.

HARRY
Well I expect yours are more traditional.


RON
Traditional?? They're ancient! I look
like my great aunt Tessie.

He sniffs at his clothes.

RON
I smell like my great aunt Tessie. Murder
me Harry.


INT. DANCEHALL

Harry and Ron are walking down the stairs into the hall. Ron
is fidgeting with his outfit.

HARRY
Leave it alone.

RON
Poor kid, bet she's alone in her room
crying her eyes out.

HARRY
Who?

RON
Hermione of course. Come on Harry, why'd
you think she wouldn't tell us who she's
coming with?

HARRY
Because we'd take the mickey out of
her if she did.

RON
Because nobody asked her. I would have
taken her myself if she weren't so bleeding
proud.

The boys approach the Patil twins.

PARVATI
Hello boys. Don't you look...

She looks at Ron.

PARVATI
... dashing.

MCGONAGALL
Here you are Potter. Are you and Miss
Patil ready?

HARRY
Ready professor?

MCGONAGALL
To dance. It's traditional that the
three champions or in this case four
are the first to dance. Surely I told
you that.

HARRY
No.

MCGONAGALL
Oh well now you know. Oh, as for your
Mr Weasly you may proceed into the great
hall with Miss Patil.

Hermione enters the room all dressed up.

PARVATI
She looks beautiful.

HARRY
Yeah she does.

Hermione walks down the stairs. Viktor Krum takes her hand and
they walk together.

PADMA
(To Ron) Is that Hermione Granger? With
Viktor Krum??

RON
No. Absolutely not.

Loud music plays as the champions head to the dancefloor with
their partners.

PARVATI
Harry. Take my waist.

HARRY
What?

PARVATI
Now.

They dance. Soon others are joining in, Dumbledore and McGonagall,
Mr Filch and his cat, Hagrid and Madame Maxime. Mad-Eye sits
on the sidelines drinking. The scene changes, the music is now
rock played by the Weird Sisters fronted by Jarvis Cocker from
Pulp. Cool!. The crowd is jumping. Harry, Ron and their dates
are sitting some distance away looking miserable. Hermione comes
up after a great time with Viktor.

HERMIONE
Hot isn't it? Viktor's gone to get drinks.
Care to join us?

RON
No, we'd NOT care to join you and Viktor.


HERMIONE
What's got your wand in a knot?

RON
He's a Durmstrang. You're fraternising
with the enemy.

HERMIONE
The enemy?? Who was it wanting his autograph?
Besides, the whole point of the tournament
is international magical cooperation,
to make friends.

RON
Hrmph, I think he's got a bit more than
friendship on his mind.

Hermione walks off.

PADMA
Are you going to ask me to dance or
not?

RON
No.


LATER

RON
(To Hermione) He's using you.

HERMIONE
How dare you! Besides I can take care
of myself.

RON
Doubt it. He's way too old.

HERMIONE
What? What? That's what you think?


RON
Yeah that is what I think.

HERMIONE
You know the solution then don't you.


RON
Go on.

HERMIONE
Next time there's a ball pluck up the
courage and ask me before somebody else
does, and not as a last resort.

RON
Well that's completely off the point.
Harry...

Harry walks up.

HERMIONE
Where have you been? Nevermind! Off
to bed both of you.

Harry and Ron walk away.

RON
They get scary when they get older.


HERMIONE
Ron you spoil everything!


INT. BEDROOM

NIGHTMARE SEQUENCE

We're back in the old house.

VOLDERMORT
Let me see it again.

A sleeve is rolled up and a marking of a skull and snake in on
the arm.

VOLDEMORT
Ah yes, the time is close now. Harry!
At last! Step aside Wormtail so I can
give our guest a proper greeting!


Harry wakes up. The floorboards are creaking, someone is walking
up to his bed. It's Neville.

NEVILLE
You alright Harry? I just got in. Me!


He chuckles and dances off.


EXT. A BRIDGE OUTSIDE HOGWARTS

HERMIONE
Harry you told me you'd figured the
egg out weeks ago. The task is two days
from now.

HARRY
Really? I had no idea. I suppose Viktor's
already figured it out.

HERMIONE
I wouldn't know, we didn't actually
talk about the tournament. Actually
we didn't really talk at all, Viktor's
more of a physical being. I just mean
he's not particularly... Mostly he watches
me study. It's a bit annoying actually.
You are trying to figure this egg out
aren't you?

HARRY
What's that supposed to mean?

HERMIONE
I mean these tasks are supposed to test
you, in the most brutal way they're
almost cruel. And um, I'm scared for
you. You got by the dragon mostly on
nerve, I'm not sure it's going to be
enough this time.

CEDRIC
Hey Potter.

HARRY
Cedric.

CEDRIC
How are you?

HARRY
Spectacular.

CEDRIC
Look I realise I never really thanked
you properly for tipping me off about
those dragons.

HARRY
Forget about it. I'm sure you would
have done the same for me.

CEDRIC
Exactly. You know the prefects bathroom
on the fifth floor?

Harry nods.

CEDRIC
It's not a bad place for a bath. Just
take your egg and mull things over in
the hot water.


INT. BATHROOM

Harry is taking his clothes off, he gets in the bath. He has
his golden egg on the side.

HARRY
I must be out of my mind.

He opens the egg and the horrible screech noise comes out.

MYRTLE
I'd try putting it in the water if I
were you.

HARRY
Myrtle!

MYRTLE
Long time no see.

The ghostly figure of little Myrtle flies around.

MYRTLE
I was circling a blocked drain the other
day and could swear I saw a bit of polyjuice
potion. Not being a bad boy again are
you Harry?

HARRY
Polyjuice potion! Kicked the habit.
Myrtle, did you say try putting it in
the water?

Myrtle flies around again and gets in the water.

MYRTLE
Well. That's what he did. The other
boy, the handsome one. Cedric.

Harry takes the egg and puts it under the water.

MYRTLE
Well go on, open it.

Harry does so and goes underwater himself. He hears a voice singing.


VOICE SINGING
Come seek us where our voices sound.
We cannot sing above the ground. An
hour long you'll have to look, to recover
what we took.

HARRY
Myrtle, there aren't Merpeople in the
black lake are there?

MYRTLE
Ahhh, very good. Took Cedric ages to
riddle it out. Almost all the bubbles
were gone...

Myrtle laughs and Harry is embarrassed.


INT. COMMON ROOM

HERMIONE
Harry, tell me again.

HARRY
Come seek us where our voices sound.


HERMIONE
The black lake, that's obvious.

HARRY
An hour long you'll have to look.

HERMIONE
Again obvious, though I must admit potentially
problematic

HARRY
Potentially problematic? When was the
last time you held your breath under
the water for an hour Hermione?

HERMIONE
Look Harry, we can do this. The three
of us can figure it out.

Mad-Eye Moody appears in the doorway.

MAD-EYE
Hate to break up this scholar session
but Professor McGonagall would like
to see you in her office. Not you Potter,
just Weasly and Granger.

HERMIONE
But sir, the second task is only hours
away and...

MAD-EYE
Exactly. Presumably Potter is well prepared
by now and could do with a good night's
sleep. Go. Now! Longbottom!

Neville appears from behind a bookcase.

MAD-EYE
Why don't you help Potter put his books
back.

NEVILLE
You know, if you're interested in plants
you'd be better with Gorshok's Guide
to Herbology. Do you know there's a
wizard in Nepal whose growing gravity
resistant trees?

HARRY
Neville. No offense, but I really don't
care about plants. Now if there's a
Tibetan turnip that will allow me to
breathe underwater for an hour then
great.

NEVILLE
I don't know about a turnip but you
can always use gilliweed.


EXT. LAKESIDE

The Weasly twins are shouting, busy taking bets. Harry is walking
along with Neville, he has some green plantlife in his hand.


HARRY
You're sure about this Neville.

NEVILLE
Absolutely.

HARRY
For an hour.

NEVILLE
Most likely.

HARRY
Most likely?

NEVILLE
Well there is some debate among herbologists
as to the effects of freshwater versus
saltwater.

HARRY
You're telling me this now? You must
be joking.

NEVILLE
I just wanted to help.

HARRY
Well that makes you sight better than
Ron and Hermione. Where are they anyway?


NEVILLE
You seem a little tense Harry.

HARRY
Do I?

DUMBLEDORE
(Over a loudspeaker) Welcome to the
second task. Last night something was
stolen from each of our champions. A
treasure of sorts. These four treasures,
one for each champion, now lie on the
bottom of the black lake. In order to
win each champion need only find their
treasure and return to the surface.
Simple enough. Except for this, they
will have one hour to do so and one
hour only. After that they'll be on
their own.

MAD-EYE
(To Harry) Put that in your mouth.


Harry puts the gilliweed in his mouth and starts choking.

DUMBLEDORE
(Continued) You may begin at the start
of the cannon.

The cannon fires and the champions enter the water, three of
them dive in while Harry is pushed. Underwater the effects of
gilliweed take hold, Harry's hands and feet become webbed.



EXT. ABOVE WATER

SEAMUS
What's the matter with him?

FRIEND
I don't know I can't see him.

NEVILLE
Oh my god I've killed Harry Potter!


Harry flies into the air like a dolphin and the crowd cheer.



EXT. UNDERWATER

Harry swims among the fish and rocks. Singing voices start echoing.
We see Fleur get trapped, she screams.


EXT. ABOVE WATER

DUMBLEDORE
(Over the loudspeaker) The Beauxbatons
champion Miss Delacour has unfortunately
been forced to retire. She will take
no further part in this task.


EXT. UNDERWATER

Harry is still searching around. He hears muffled screams. He
finds Ron, Hermione, Cho Chan and a blonde girl from Beauxbatons
tied in place by their ankles. Cedric is there, he takes Cho
with him. Harry sets about freeing Ron and Hermione but vicious
merpeople appear.

HARRY
But she's my friend too!

MERPERSON
Only one.

What looks like a shark approaches at high speed. We see that
it has legs and it's Viktor. He takes Hermione and heads for
the surface. Harry frees Ron.


EXT. ABOVE WATER

Cedric and Cho emerge, the crowd cheers. Viktor and Hermione
next, the crows chants 'Krum, Krum, Krum'. The Beauxbatons girls
look worried.


EXT. UNDERWATER

Harry looks over and sees the blonde girl that Fleur was unable
to rescue. He loosens her rope too and starts heading for the
surface with the both of them. He's attacked and gets held down,
he pushes Ron and the girl towards the surface.


EXT. ABOVE WATER

Ron and the girl come up, they are coughing but safe. They're
helped out of the water by a girl from Beauxbatons. Underwater
Harry casts a spell which propels him towards the surface, he
flies out and lands on the decking where the crowd are.

DUMBLEDORE
Harry!

BARTY
Get him another towel.

DUMBLEDORE
I want all the judges over here now.


FLEUR
(To Harry) You saved her, even though
she wasn't yours to save. My little
sister!

Fleur kisses Harry on the face.

FLEUR
Thank you! And you... (Looks to Ron).
You helped!

RON
Well... yeah... a bit

Fleur kisses him too.

RON
Merci.

Hermione comes up to Harry with a towel.

HERMIONE
Harry!

HARRY
Hermione

HERMIONE
Are you alright? You must be freezing!
Personally I think you behaved admirably.


Hermione kisses Harry on the head.

HARRY
I finished last Hermione.

HERMIONE
Next to last.

DUMBLEDORE
Attention! Attention! The winner is...
Mr Diggory!

Cedric and his friends cheer.

DUMBLEDORE
For showing unique command of the bubblehead
shark. The way I see it, Mr Potter would
have finished first had it not been
for his determination to rescue not
only Mr Weasly but the others as well.
We've agreed to award him second place!
For outstanding moral fibre.


As they're walking away from the lake Harry's friends are cheering
him.

FRED
All that moral fibre eh?

RON
Blimey even when you go wrong it turns
out right.

GEORGE
Well done 'moral fibre'.


Barty Crouch is waiting for Harry.

BARTY
Congratulations Potter, fine achievement.
Well done boy. I'm sorry we haven't
spoken, after all your story is one
I've heard many times. Quite remarkable.
Tragic of course, to lose one's family.
Never whole again are we? Still, life
goes on. And here we stand. I'm sure
your parents would be very proud today
Potter.

Mad-Eye approaches them.

MAD-EYE
Bartimus! Not trying to lure Potter
into one of the ministry's summer internships
are we? Last boy who went into the department
of ministries never came out!

Barty walks away from him.

MAD-EYE
And they say I'm mad.


EXT. DARK FOREST

HAGRID
So I remember, I remember when I first
met you all. Biggest bunch of misfits
I've ever set eyes on. Always reminded
me of myself a little. And here we all
are, four years later.

RON
We're still misfits.

HAGRID
Maybe. But we've all got each other,
and Harry of course. Soon to be! The
youngest! Tri-Wizard champion there's
ever been! Hooray!

They walk on singing the Hogwarts song. Harry holds his head
in pain. On the ground he sees Barty Crouch laying lifeless.


HARRY
Mr Crouch?


INT. HOGWARTS DARK ROOM

DUMBLEDORE
A man has died here. And he won't be
the last, you must take action.

FUDGE
I will not. In times like these the
wizard world looks to its leaders for
strength Dumbledore.

DUMBLEDORE
Then for once show them some.

FUDGE
The tri-wizard tournament will not be
cancelled. I will not be seen as a coward.


DUMBLEDORE
But surely that is what's right, no
matter what others think.

FUDGE
What did you say? What did you say to
me?

MAD-EYE
Excuse me gentlemen, it may interest
you to know that this conversation is
no longer private.

Mad-Eye points to the door. Harry enters.

FUDGE
Harry! Harry how good to see you again.


HARRY
I can come back later Professor.

DUMBLEDORE
Oh not necessary Harry the minister
and I are done. I'll be back in a moment.
Minister, after you. Harry do feel free
to indulge in a liquorice snack in my
absence, but I have to warn you they're
a little bit sharp.

Harry is left alone in the room. He puts his hand in the snackbowl
and takes a handful. It turns into a small creature which nips
at his hand.

HARRY
Agh!

A compartment in the wall opens, there's a glowing blue pool
of water there. He looks in. He falls and lands in another time
and place. It's a courtroom, the walls have a red glow. Dumbledore
is seated next to where Harry is.


INT. COURTROOM

HARRY
Professor?

The man seated next to Dumbledore speaks.

MAN
Professor.

Dumbledore and the man shake hands. Their handshake goes through
Harry's body, he appears to be some kind of ghost with no presence.
Proceedings begin, a cage is raised from inside the floor.


BARTY
Igor Karkaroff, you have been brought
from Azkaban at your own request to
present evidence to this counsel. Should
your testimony prove consequential.
Counsel may be prepared to order your
immediate release. Until such time you
remain in the eyes of the ministry a
convicted deatheater. Do you accept
these terms?

IGOR
I do sir.

BARTY
What do you wish to present?

IGOR
I have names sir. There was a Rosier,
Evan Rosier.

BARTY
Mr Rosier is dead.

IGOR
Dead?

MAD-EYE
(To Dumbledore) Yeah took a piece of
me with him though didn't he.

Mad-Eye points to his mechanical eye.

IGOR
I didn't know.

BARTY
If that is all the witness has to offer...


IGOR
No! No! There was Rookwood, he was a
spy.

BARTY
Augustus Rookwood? Of the department
of ministries.

IGOR
Ya ya, the same. He passed information
to you know who from inside the ministry
itself.

BARTY
Very well. Counsel will deliberate.
In the meantime you will be returned
to Azkaban.

IGOR
NO! WAIT! PLEASE! I have more. Snape,
Severus Snape.

DUMBLEDORE
The counsel is very much aware you have
given evidence on this matter. Severus
Snape was indeed a deatheater and prior
to Lord Voldemort's downfall turned
spy for us at great personal risk. Today
he's no more a deatheater than I am.


Igor protests loudly.

IGOR
It's a lie! Severus Snape remains faithful
to the dark lord.

BARTY
Silence!

Barty hits the gavel repeatedly.

BARTY
Unless the witness possesses any name
of genuine consequence this session
is now concluded.

IGOR
Oh no no no no no. I heard about one
more.

BARTY
What's that?

IGOR
The name...

BARTY
Yes?

IGOR
I know for a fact this person took part
in the capture, and by means of the
cruciatus curse, torture of the aurer
Frank Longbottom and...

BARTY
The name! Give me the wretched name!


IGOR
Barty Crouch! ... Junior.

Barty Crouch junior begins to run. Mad-Eye zaps him with magic,
he falls into the center of the court. The crowd is in uproar.
Guards seize Barty junior.

BARTY JR
Get your hands off me you pathetic little
men. Hello father.

BARTY
You are no son of mine.

BARTY JR
GAHHHH!

Harry steps out of the blue pool and we're back in the darkened
room.

DUMBLEDORE
Curiosity's not a sin Harry, but you
should exercise caution. It's a pensieve,
useful if like me you find your mind
a wee bit stretched. It allows me to
see what small things I've already seen.
You see Harry I've searched and searched
for something, some small detail. Something
I might have overlooked, something that
would explain why these terrible things
have happened. Every time I get close
to an answer it slips away, it's maddedning.


HARRY
Sir, Mr Crouch's son, what happened
to him?

DUMBLEDORE
He was sent to Azkaban. Destroyed Barty
to do it. But he had no choice, the
evidence was overwhelming. Why do you
ask?

HARRY
It's just that I had a dream about him.
It was in the summer, before school.
In the dream I was in a house and Voldemort
was there only he wasn't quite human,
and Wormtail was there too and Mr Crouch's
son.

DUMBLEDORE
Have there been other dreams like this?


HARRY
Yes. Always the same one. Sir... these
dreams, what I see, you don't think
it's actually happening do you?

DUMBLEDORE
I think it's unwise for you to linger
over these dreams Harry, I think it's
best that you simply...

Dumbledore puts up his wand and pulls a quivering string of magic
out from his head.

DUMBLEDORE
Cast them away.


INT. CORRIDOR

Harry is walking along, we hear raised voices from inside the
herbs store.

IGOR
It's a sign Severus, you know what it
means as well as I.

The door opens and they see Harry. He looks at them. Igor leaves.


SEVERUS
Potter! What's your hurry? Congratulations,
your performance in the black lake was
inspiring. Gilliweed, am I correct?


HARRY
Yes sir.

SEVERUS
Ingenious. A rather rare herb gilliweed,
not something found in your every day
garden. Nor is this, know what it is?


HARRY
Bubble juice sir?

SEVERUS
Veritaserum. Three drops of this and
you-know-who himself will spill his
darkest secrets. The use of this on
a student is regrettably forbidden,
however should you ever steal from my
personal stores again, my hand might
just slip over your morning pumpkin
juice.

HARRY
I haven't stolen anything.

SEVERUS
Don't lie to me. Gilliweed might be
innocuous, but boomslang skin? lacewing
flies? You and your friends are brewing
polyjuice potion and believe me I'm
going to find out why.

Severus closes the door in Harry's face.


EXT. ARENA

Music is playing and a large crowd is gathered. The champions
emerge.

DUMBLEDORE
Earlier today Professor Moody placed
the tri-wizards cup deep within the
maze. Only he knows its exact position.
Now as Mr Diggory...

The crowd cheer on hearing his name.

DUMBLEDORE
(continued) and Mr Potter tied for first
position they will be the first to enter
the maze. Followed by Mr Krum...

The bulgarian crowd go nuts.

DUMBLEDORE
(continued) The first person to touch
the cup will be the winner. I've instructed
the staff to patrol the perimeter, if
at any point should a contestant wish
to withdraw from the task he or she
need only send up red sparks with their
wands. Contestants, gather round.


DUMBLEDORE
(To the contestants) In the maze you'll
find not dragons or creatures of the
deep. Instead you'll face something
more challenging. You see, people change
in the maze. Oh find the cup if you
can, but be very weary you could just
lose yourselves along the way.

MAD-EYE
Champions! Prepare yourselves.

Cedric hugs his father.

DUMBLEDORE
On the count of three... ONE...

The cannon goes off. Mr Filch shrugs comically. Dumbledore groans.
Harry and Cedric enter the maze through different entrances.
The entrance closes up behind Harry. Heavy mist sets in, we pan
out to see the maze is many stories tall. Harry starts traversing
the maze, creature noises are all around.

Cedric is walking along, the maze walls begin to close in on
him. He makes a run for it. Fleur is running around scared, she
is attacked and knocked down. Viktor comes along and sees she's
unconscious on the ground, he walks on. Harry sees Fleur being
swallowed into the undergrowth.

HARRY
Fleur? Fleur!

He's too late she's disappeared. He sends up a red spark into
the air. A heavy wind starts blowing, walls are closing in, Harry
runs. Harry sees something shining in the distance and he moves
towards it Viktor tries to zap him but misses.

CEDRIC
Get down!

Harry ducks and Viktor gets zapped by Cedric. Cedric runs up
and kicks the wand out of Viktor's hand. He points his wand at
Viktor's body as if to finish him off, Harry runs up and intervenes.


HARRY
No stop! He's bewitched Cedric.

They struggle.

CEDRIC
Get off me!

HARRY
He's bewitched!

The two of them begin running towards the cup. The undergrowth
grabs Cedric and he falls to the ground. Harry looks back. Cedric
is pinned down with no means of escape.

CEDRIC
Harry! Harry!

Harry zaps the plantlife and Cedric wriggles free. Harry helps
him up.

CEDRIC
You know for a moment there I thought
you were gonna let it get me.

HARRY
For a moment so did I.

CEDRIC
Some game huh?

HARRY
Some game.

The wind starts blowing again.

CEDRIC
Go. Take it, you saved me!

HARRY
Together, on three. One, two, three!



EXT. GRAVEYARD

Harry and Cedric have ported to a graveyard.

CEDRIC
You ok?

HARRY
Yeah, you?

CEDRIC
Where are we?

HARRY
I've been here before.

CEDRIC
It's a portkey. Harry the cup is a portkey.


HARRY
I've been here before in a dream. Cedric,
we have to get back to the cup? Now!


CEDRIC
What are you talking about?

Harry lets out a shout and holds his head, he is in pain.

CEDRIC
What is it?

HARRY
Get back to the cup!

We see Wormtail and Voldemort nearby.

CEDRIC
Who are you? What do you want?

VOLDEMORT
Kill the spare.

Wormtail casts a spell and kills Cedric.

HARRY
Cedric!

Cedric lays dead on the ground.

Wormtail pulls Harry closer, a status grabs hold of Harry and
traps him.

VOLDEMORT
Do it, now!

Wormtail drops something into a cauldron, Harry watches on.


WORMTAIL
Bones of the father, unwillingly given.


A bone hovers in the air under Wormtail's control, he drops it
into the cauldron.

WORMTAIL
Flesh of the servent willingly sacrificed.


He takes a knife and slashes his arm over the cauldron.

WORMTAIL
Blood of the enemy forcibly taken.


He takes the knife to Harry and cuts at his arm. Harry shouts.
Wormtail takes the knife over to the cauldron and lets the drops
fall into it.

WORMTAIL
The dark lord shall rise again.

The cauldron bursts into flame and a reformed Voldemort emerges.


VOLDEMORT
My wand Wormtail.

Wormtail hands him the wand and bows deeply.

VOLDEMORT
Hold out your arm.

WORMTAIL
Master. Thank you master.

VOLDEMORT
The other arm Wormtail.

Wormtail looks concerned, but does it anyway. Voldemort sticks
the wand into Wormtail's arm. The sky changes, others have been
summoned.

VOLDEMORT
Welcome my friends. Thirty years it's
been, and yet you stand before me as
though it were only yesterday. I confess
myself disappointed, not one of you
tried to find me.

Voldemort begins slashing angrily at the hooded figures.

VOLDEMORT
Not even you, Lucius.

LUCIUS
My lord. Had I detected any sign or
even a whisper of your whereabouts.


VOLDEMORT
There were signs my friend, and more
than whispers.

LUCIUS
I assure you I never renounced the old
ways. The face I have been obliged to
present each day since your absence,
that was my true mask.

WORMTAIL
I returned.

VOLDEMORT
Out of fear, not loyalty. Still you
have proved yourself useful these past
few months Wormtail.

Voldemort grants Wormtail a new hand.

WORMTAIL
Thank you master, thank you.

VOLDEMORT
(To Cedric's corpse) Oh, such a handsome
boy.

HARRY
Don't touch him.

Harry struggles to get free.

VOLDEMORT
Harry! I'd almost forgotten you were
here. Standing on the bones of my father.
I'd introduce you but word has it you're
almost as famous as me these days. The
boy who lived. How lies have fed your
legend Harry. Shall I reveal what really
happened that night thirteen years ago?
Shall I divulge how I truly lost my
powers? It was love. You see when dear
sweet Lily Potter gave her life for
her only son she provided the ultimate
protection. I could not touch you. It
was old magic, something I should have
forseen. But no matter, no matter. Things
have changed, I can touch you now!


Voldemort puts his hand on Harry's head and he screams.

VOLDEMORT
Astonishing what a few drops of your
blood will do eh Harry? Pick up your
wand Potter. I said pick it up, get
up. Get up! You've been taught how to
duel I presume yes? First we bow to
each other. Come on now Harry the niceties
must be observed, Dumbledore would not
want you to forget your manners now
would he? I said bow!

Voldemort forces Harry to bow with magic.

VOLDEMORT
That's better. And now...

Voldemort casts at Harry and he wriggles in pain.

VOLDEMORT
Atta boy Harry, your parents would be
proud. Especially your filthy mongrel
mother. I'm going to kill you Harry
Potter, I'm going to destroy you. After
tonight no one will ever again question
my powers. After tonight if they speak
of you they'll speak only of how you
begged for death, and I being a merciful
lord obliged. Get up.

Voldemort pulls Harry to his feet, Harry begins to move away.


VOLDEMORT
Don't you turn your back on me Harry
Potter I want you to look at me when
I kill you, I want to see the lights
leave your eyes.

Harry takes steps toward Voldemort.

HARRY
Have it your way.

They both cast and their streams of magic meet. They both struggle.


VOLDEMORT
Do nothing. He is mine to finish. He's
mine!

Shapes form in the surrounding magical energy. We hear Dumbledore's
voice.

HARRY'S DAD
(voice) Harry when the connection is
broken you must get to the portkey.
We can delay it for a moment to give
you time but only a moment, do you understand?


CEDRIC
(voice) Harry take my body back will
you? Take my body back to my father.


HARRY'S MOTHER
(voice) Let go. Sweetheart you're ready.
Let go! Let go!

The connection breaks, Harry runs over to Cedric's body and summons
the cup over to them. In an instant the port out. Voldemort looks
angry.

VOLDEMORT
No!


EXT. ARENA

Back at the arena Harry appears with Cedric's body. The crowd
don't understand what has taken place and they all cheer, triumphant
music starts to play. Harry weeps on Cedric's body.

DUMBLEDORE
Harry! Harry!

Dumbledore tries to prize Harry from Cedric's body.

DUMBLEDORE
Tell me what happened!

HARRY
He's back, he's back! Voldemort's back.
Cedric, he asked me to bring his body
back. I couldn't leave him, not there.


DUMBLEDORE
It's alright Harry. It's alright, he's
home, you both are.

FUDGE
Keep everybody in their seats. A boy
has just been killed. The body must
be moved Dumbledore, there are... too
many people.

AMOS
Let me through! That's my son! My boy!


Amos breaks down wailing. The crowd look on distraught.


INT. DARKENED ROOM

Mad-Eye Moody enters and closes the door behind him. Harry is
in the room still sobbing. They sit.

MAD-EYE
Are you alright Potter?

Harry nods.

MAD-EYE
Does it hurt?

HARRY
Not so much now.

MAD-EYE
I'd better take a look at it.

We see Harry's arm, it has a skull and snake marking.

HARRY
The cup was a portkey. Someone had bewitched
it.

MAD-EYE
What was it like? What was he like?


HARRY
Who?

MAD-EYE
The dark lord. What was it like to stand
in his presence?

HARRY
I dunno. It was like I'd fallen into
one of my dreams. One of my nightmares.


Mad-Eye starts shaking and struggling for air, he reaches for
his bottle but it's empty. He rushes to a chest with other bottles
and struggles to find one.

MAD-EYE
Were there others? In the graveyard,
were there others?

HARRY
Um. I don't think I said anything about
a graveyard Professor.

MAD-EYE
Marvellous creatures dragons aren't
they? Do you think that miserable oaf
would have led you into the woods if
I hadn't suggested it? Do you think
Cedric Diggory would have told you to
hold the egg under the water if I hadn't
have told him first myself? Do you think
Neville Longbottom the witless wonder
could have provided you with gilliweed
if I hadn't have given him the book
that led you straight to it? Huh??


HARRY
It was you from the beginning. You put
my name in the goblet of fire. You bewitched
Krum. But...

Mad-Eye makes sobbing noises making fun of Harry.

MAD-EYE
You won because I made it so Potter.
You ended up in that graveyard tonight
because it was meant to be so. And now
the deed is done. The blood that runs
through these veins runs within the
dark lord. Imagine how he will reward
me when he learns that I have once and
for all silenced the great Harry Potter.


A flash of magic occurs and Mad-Eye is knocked into the wall.
Dumbledore and Severus come rushing in. Dumbledore takes Mad-Eye
by the neck...

DUMBLEDORE
Severus...

Severus administers some veritaserum. Mad-Eye wriggles demonically.


DUMBLEDORE
Do you know who I am?

MAD-EYE
Albus Dumbledore.

DUMBLEDORE
Are you Alastor Moody? Are ya?

MAD-EYE
No.

DUMBLEDORE
Is he in this room? Is he in this room?


We see a nod.

DUMBLEDORE
Harry get away from there!

Dumbledore approaches the chest. The chest opens, it contains
a series of smaller chests. When the final chest is open we see
that there's a pit within holding a man the real Alastor Moody.


DUMBLEDORE
Are you alright Alastor?

ALASTOR
I'm sorry Albus.

HARRY
That's Moody, but then who's...?

Dumbledore holds up one of Mad-Eye's Bottles.

SEVERUS
Polyjuice potion.

DUMBLEDORE
Now we know who's been stealing it from
your store Severus.

Dumbledore looks into the pit.

DUMBLEDORE
We'll get you up in a minute.

Alastor Moody groans. The Mad-Eye Moody they have captive in
a chair begins to twitch about restlessly making strange noises.
He appears to be transforming. He rips off his fake eyepiece
which falls on the floor, we see that he's transformed into Barty
Crouch Junior.

DUMBLEDORE
Barty Crouch Junior.

BARTY JR
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.


Barty Jr rolls up his sleeve to reveal a skull and snake marking.


DUMBLEDORE
Your arm Harry.

BARTY JR
You know what this means don't you?
He's back. Lord Voldemort has returned.


DUMBLEDORE
Send an owl to Azkaban, think they'll
find they're missing a prisoner.


BARTY JR
I'll be welcomed back like a hero.


DUMBLEDORE
Perhaps. Personally I've never had much
time for heroes.


INT. ASSEMBLY ROOM

DUMBLEDORE
(Speaking to all pupils) Today we acknowledge
a really terrible loss. Cedric Diggory
was as you all know, exceptionally hard
working, intricately fair minded. And
most importantly a fierce fierce friend.
I think therefore you have the right
to know exactly how he died. You see,
Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord
Voldemort. The ministry of magic does
not wish me to tell you this. But not
to do so I think would be an insult
to his memory. Now the pain we all feel
at this dreadful loss reminds me, reminds
us that while we may come from different
places and speak in different tongues,
our hearts beat as one. In light of
recent events the bonds of friendship
we made this year will be more important
than ever. Remember that and Cedric
Diggory will not have died in vain,
you remember that. And we'll celebrate
a boy who was kind and honest and brave
and true right to the very end.


INT. BEDROOM

Harry is sitting on a bed, Dumbledore walks in.

DUMBLEDORE
I never liked these curtains. Set them
on fire in my fourth year, by accident
of course. I put you in terrible danger
this year Harry I'm sorry.

HARRY
Professor, when I was in the graveyard
there was a moment... um... when Voldemort's
wand and mine sort of connected.

DUMBLEDORE
Priori Incantatem. You saw your parents
that night didn't you? They reappeared.


Harry nods.

DUMBLEDORE
No spell can reawaken the dead Harry
I trust you know that. Dark and diffiult
times lie ahead. Soon we must all face
the choice between what is right what
is easy. But remember this, you have
friends here. You're not alone.


EXT. HOGWARTS

There's a large crowd gathered, the pupils are going home. Viktor
Krum gives Hermione a kiss and hands her some paper.

VIKTOR
Write to me. Promise.

HERMIONE
Bye.

Ron is sitting alone. The french sisters approach him, they both
in turn give him a kiss on the head.

FLEUR
Au revoir Ron.

The Beauxbatons girls leave in uniform, the crowd applauds. The
Durmstrang boys leave too, shaking hands as they go.

RON
Do you think we'll ever just have a
quiet year at Hogwarts?

HERMIONE
No.

HARRY
No I don't think so.

HERMIONE
Everything's going to change now isn't
it?

HARRY
Yes.

HERMIONE
Promise you'll write this summer. Both
of you.

RON
Well I won't. You know I won't!

HERMIONE
Harry will won't you?

HARRY
Yeah. Every week.

They look over the balcony, the flying horses pulling a carriage
head off into the distance. The Bulgarians' ship goes underwater.
1 EXT. SPACE 

A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. 

A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the Main Title, followed by a rollup, which crawls into infinity. 

War! The Republic is crumbling under attacks by the ruthless Sith Lord, Count Dooku. There are heroes on both sides. Evil is everywhere. 

In a stunning move, the fiendish droid leader, General Grievous, has swept into the Republic capital and kidnapped Chancellor Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate. 

As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to flee the besieged capital with their valuable hostage, two Jedi Knights lead a desperate mission to rescue the captive Chancellor. . . . 

PAN DOWN to reveal a REPUBLIC ATTACK CRUISER. Continue to PAN with the Cruiser as TWO JEDI STARFIGHTERS enter and head toward an enemy Battle Cruiser. TRUCK with the Jedi Fighters as they maneuver in unison, dodging flack and enemy laser fire. R2-D2 is on Anakin's ship. R4-P17 is on Obi-Wan's ship. A giant space battle is revealed as the tiny Jedi ships continue their assault in a synchronous ballet. 

2 INT. OBI-WAN'S STARFIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE 

OBI-WAN bounces through the flack with a frown. His ship rocks violently. 

3 INT. ANAKINS STARFIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE 

ANAKIN smiles as he blasts a TRADE FEDERATION DROID DROP FIGHTER. 

ANAKIN: There isn't a droid made that can out fly you, Master, and no other way to get to the Chancellor . . . 

OBI-WAN: Look out, four droids inbound . . . 

4 EXT. CORUSCANT-SPACE BATTLE 

The TWO JEDI FIGHTERS swerve in unison as FOUR TRADE FEDERATION DROID DROP FIGHTERS attack. After several clever moves by the Jedi, two of the FEDERATION DROID DROP FIGHTERS collide with each other in a ball of flame. 

5 INT. OBI-WAN'S STARFIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE 

OBI-WAN struggles to maintain control of his ship. 

OBI-WAN: We've got to split them up. 

ANAKIN: Break left, fly through the guns on that tower. 

OBI-WAN flies to the left of a huge tower on a REPUBLIC CRUISER. The TWO DROID DROP FIGHTERS follow. 

OBI-WAN: Easy for you to say . . . why am I always the bait? 

ANAKIN: Don't worry. I'm coming around behind you. 

OBI-WAN deftly maneuvers around a large Starship's superstructure, but the TWO DROID FIGHTERS stay on his tail, BLASTING him with intense laser fire. 

OBI-WAN: Anakin, they're all over me! 

ANAKIN: Dead ahead! Closing . . . lock onto him, Artoo . . . 

ARTOO BEEPS his reply as ANAKIN swoops in for the kill. ANAKIN BLASTS one of the DROID DROP FIGHTERS. It EXPLODES. 

ANAKIN: (continuing, laughs) We got him, Artoo! 

ANAKIN BLASTS away at the second DROID DROP FIGHTER as ARTOO BEEPS an angry warning. 

ANAKIN: I copy, Artoo. 

OBI-WAN: I'm going down on the deck. 

ANAKIN: Good idea ... I need some room to maneuver. 

OBI-WAN dives toward the surface of one of the larger TRADE FEDERATION BATTLESHIPS and is forced to fly through a maelstrom of laser flack. He skims the surface, followed by the DROID DROP FIGHTER, which is followed by ANAKIN. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) Cut right. Do you hear me?! Cut right. Don't let him get a handle on you. Come on, Artoo, lock on! Lock on! 

ARTOO BEEPS. The crosshairs merge on the DROID DROP FIGHTER. 

OBI-WAN: Hurry up! I don't like this! 

OBI-WAN flies through a narrow gap between two towers on a Battleship. The DROID DROP FIGHTER hits one of Obi-Wan's wings with a laser blast, and parts of the ship go flying around Obi-Wan's Astro Droid, ARFOUR. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Ouch! 

R-4 BEEPS a blue streak. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Don't even try to fix it, Arfour. I've shut it down. 

ANAKIN: We're locked on ... we've got him . . . 

ANAKIN drops in behind the DROID DROP FIGHTER and blows him apart. ARTOO SQUEALS with delight. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) Yeah! We got him . . . good going, Artoo. 

OBI-WAN: Next time you're the bait . . . Now let's find the Command Ship and get on with it ... 

R-4 BEEPS a blue streak. 

ANAKIN: Lock onto them, Artoo. Master, General Grievous's ship is directly ahead. 

ARTOO BEEPS a reply, and it reads out in Anakin's cockpit. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) The one crawling with vulture droids. 

6 INT. OBI-WAN'S STARFIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE 

OBI-WAN: I see it. Oh, this is going to be easy. 

Ahead is a TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER with batlike DROID VULTURE FIGHTERS stalking around on the hull. The VULTURE FIGHTERS transform into flight configuration, lift off the CRUISER, and attack the JEDI STARFIGHTERS. 

ANAKIN: Come on, Master. 

OBI-WAN: Not this time. There's too much at stake. We need help. Odd Ball, do you copy? 

ODD BALL: (OS) Copy, Red Leader. 

OBI-WAN: Mark my position and form your squad up behind me . . . 

7 INT. ODD BALL'S FIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE 

ODD BALL: We're on your tail, General Kenobi. Set S-foils in attack position. 

The protective ray shield lowers on the main hangar of the TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER, and six new DROID TRI-FIGHTERS emerge and join the DROID VULTURE FIGHTERS heading toward the Jedi. The JEDI STARFIGHTERS extend the stability foils on the ends of their wings. 

8 INT. ANAKIN'S FIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE 

ANAKIN: This is where the fun begins. Ten Vulture Droids straight ahead, coming down the left side. 

ARTOO BEEPS a worried message. 

OBI-WAN: Add five Tri-fighters on the right . . . 

ANAKIN: I'm going head to head. See you. 

OBI-WAN: Take it easy, Anakin. 

Four Clone Fighters move into formation behind the Jedi. 

ODD BALL: I'm on your right, Red Leader. 

ANAKIN: Incoming!! 

ARTOO SQUEALS as five DROID TRI-FIGHTERS pass by at high speed on the right. 

OBI-WAN: Five more on the right! 

Four more VULTURE DROID FIGHTERS pass at high speed from the left. All hell breaks loose. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN continue to fly in unison, backing up each other. ARTOO SQUEALS. 

ANAKIN: Here we go. 

The Jedi ships split up and make a quick loop around the DROID TRI-FIGHTERS, ending up behind them. BLASTING away. The DROID TRI-FIGHTERS EXPLODE. 

OBI-WAN: I'm going high and right. 

ANAKIN: Hang on. There are four more of them. 

OBI-WAN: Stay with me . . . swing back and right . . . help me engage. Back off ... Let them pass between us. 

ANAKIN: I'm coming around. I'm coming around on your tail. 

OBI-WAN: All right, engage . . . and hurry. These droids are all over me like a rash. 

In one incredible move, ANAKIN swings in behind the DROID TRI-FIGHTERS, blowing them away one by one until there is only one left. ARTOO CHIRPS. 

ARTOO lets out a HOWL as ANAKIN accelerates past the last DROID TRI-FIGHTER, slams on his brakes, flips the Fighter around, and BLASTS the Fighter from the front. ARTOO BEEPS frantically as they fly through the debris of the destroyed ships. ANAKIN looks behind him. 

ANAKIN: How many back there. Artoo? (Artoo beeps) Three . . . (continuing) Four . . . that's not good. 

OBI-WAN: Anakin, you have four on your tail. 

ANAKIN: I know. I know! 

OBI-WAN: Four more closing from your left. 

ANAKIN: I know. I know! 

OBI-WAN: Break right and go high. 

ANAKIN: I'm going low and left. 

Obi-Wan shakes his head. 

OBI-WAN: (to himself) He still has much to learn. 

ANAKIN swoops low and skims across a TRADE FEDERATION BATTLESHIP, dodging flack as ARTOO bounces along, trying to get out a sentence. 

ANAKIN: Hang on, Artoo. Obi-Wan, do you copy? I'm going to pull them through the needle . . . 

OBI-WAN: Too dangerous. First Jedi rule: "Survive." 

ANAKIN: Sorry, no choice. Come down here and thin them out a little. 

OBI-WAN drops in behind the DROID VULTURE FIGHTERS chasing Anakin. ARFOUR BEEPS to OBI-WAN. 

OBI-WAN: Just keep me steady . . . hold on ... not yet. . . now break left. 

OBI-WAN fires as he swings across the back of the VULTURE DROIDS, BLASTING four of them away. ANAKIN heads for a trench along the surface of one of the Trade Federation Battleships. He flies into the trench, which ends in a conning tower with a small slit between two main struts. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) You'll never get through there, Anakin. It's too tight. 

ARTOO BEEPS nervously. 

ANAKIN: Easy, Artoo . . . we've done this before. 

OBI-WAN: Use the Force, think yourself through, the ship will follow. 

ARTOO SQUEALS in a panic. On the view screen Artoo's squeal reads out, "WE'RE NOT GOING TO MAKE IT." 

ANAKIN: Wrong thought, Artoo. 

ANAKIN slips through the narrow gap. The trailing VULTURE DROID FIGHTERS CRASH. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) I'm through. 

OBI-WAN continues to fire on the VULTURE DROID FIGHTERS, driving them into the EXPLOSION. 
A CLONE fighter is hit and explodes, spewing debris. The CLONE PILOT spins off into space. 
Finally, OBI-WAN peels off and swings around, pulling up alongside ANAKIN. CLONE FIGHT SQUAD SEVEN battles the DROIDS. 

ODD BALL: There are too many of them. 

CLONE PILOT 2: I'm on your wing. Break left. Break left. They're all over me. Get them off my . . . 

ANAKIN: I'm going to go help them out! 

OBI-WAN: No, no! They are doing their job so we can do ours. Head for the Command Ship! 

Another CLONE fighter is hit, bursts into flames, and spins off into space. A VULTURE DROID FIGHTER raises its head to locate its target and fires missiles at them. 

ANAKIN: Missiles! Pull up! 

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN break right and left, and the missiles follow them. ANAKIN does a barrel roll spin, causing the missiles following him to collide and EXPLODE. Two missiles continue to chase OBI-WAN. He banks sharply to the right, then to the left, causing one of the missiles to overshoot. 

OBI-WAN: They overshot us . . . 

The second missile streaks next to Obi-Wan’s Fighter and EXPLODES. Obi-Wan's ship rocks, and R-4, SCREAMS as the Starfighter rips through the explosion. Debris flies all around them. 

ANAKIN: They're coming around! 

OBI-WAN: All right, Arfour. No, no. Nothing too fancy. 

ANAKIN: Surge all power units. Artoo! Stand by the reverse thrusters. 

ANAKIN spins his starfighter. The missiles spin and collide. 

ANAKIN: We got 'em. Artoo! 

Two missiles continue to track Obi-Wan. 

OBI-WAN: Flying is for droids. 

Suddenly, OBI-WAN shudders, and his ship starts to plummet toward the surface of the Trade Federation Cruiser. The trailing missiles fly into what looks like debris, and detonate. Five silver balls fly out of the debris and attach themselves to the ship. The balls pop open, revealing SMALL BUZZDROIDS that begin to crawl across the surface like spiders. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) I'm hit! Anakin? 

ANAKIN: I see them . . . Buzz Droids. 

The BUZZ DROIDS crawl across Obi-Wan's ship and start to tear it apart. SPARKS ERUPT where the BUZZ DROIDS break into the wiring. One of the BUZZ DROIDS goes after ARFOUR. 

OBI-WAN: Arfour, be careful. You have one . . . 

ARFOUR's head gets ripped off and flies away. 

OBI-WAN: Oh dear. They're shutting down all the controls. 

ANAKIN: Move to the right so I can get a clear shot at them. 

OBI-WAN: The mission. Get to the Command Ship. Get the Chancellor! I'm running out of tricks here. 

ANAKIN moves into position just off Obi-Wan's left side and angles his ship so his guns are pointing at the DROIDS crawling over Obi-Wan’s Starfighter. ANAKIN fires and vaporizes the TWO BUZZ DROIDS, along with the left wing of Obi-Wan's ship. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) In the name of ... 

ANAKIN: Steady . . . steady . . . 

OBI-WAN: Anakin, hold your fire . . . hold your fire. You're not helping here. 

ANAKIN: I agree, bad idea. Swing right . . . ease over . . . steady . . . 

OBI-WAN: Wait . . . wait . . . I can't see a thing! My cockpit's fogging. They're all over me, Anakin. 

ANAKIN: Move to the right. 

OBI-WAN: Hold on, Anakin. You're going to get us both killed! Get out of here. There's nothing more you can do. 

ANAKIN: I'm not leaving without you, Master. 

ANAKIN moves his ship next to OBI-WAN's and tries to physically knock the BUZZ DROIDS off. There are five left. He manages to get one off, but badly dents OBI-WAN's ship in the process. One of the BUZZ DROIDS tears apiece off of the front of Obi-Wan's ship. Flames burst out, and more smoke billows out, obscuring the Jedi's view. 

ANAKIN knocks off three of the BUZZ DROIDS and the fourth crawls out onto Anakin's ship and starts attacking ARTOO. ARTOO fights the BUZZ DROID. 

OBI-WAN: Blast it ... I can't see . . . my controls are gone. 

ANAKIN: Get 'em, Artoo. Watch out! 

OBI-WAN: Artoo, hit the buzz droid's center eye. 

ARTOO extends an arm and aims a stream of electricity at the swerving BUZZ DROID. The BUZZ DROID is hit squarely in the eye and falls off the ship. 

ANAKIN: Yeah, you got him! 

OBI-WAN: Great, Artoo. 

ANAKIN: Stay on my wing . . . the General's Command Ship is dead ahead. Easy . . . pull up ... Head for the hangar. 

OBI-WAN: Have you noticed the shields are still up? 

ANAKIN: Oh?!? Sorry, Master. 

ANAKIN streaks ahead of OBI-WAN's disintegrating Jedi Fighter and blasts the shield generator. It SPARKS and EXPLODES. 

OBI-WAN: Oh, I have a bad feeling about this. 

9 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The shield door drops away, and OBI-WAN crashes on the deck of the hangar bay, engulfed in a FANTAIL OF SPARKS. A set of blast doors starts SLAMMING shut across the hangar opening, as material is sucked into space. 

ANAKIN maneuvers around the oncoming junk and flies into the hangar just as the blast doors SLAM shut. 
OBI-WAN ignites his light saber and cuts his way out of the cockpit. He jumps dear just as his ship EXPLODES. BATTLE DROIDS rush at him from all directions. 

ANAKIN jumps out of his ship and cuts his way through the BATTLE DROIDS to where OBI-WAN is fighting. ARTOO pops out of the ship and follows ANAKIN. 

OBI-WAN: Artoo, locate the Chancellor. 

ANAKIN: Tap into the ship's computers. 

They cut down the last of the droids and follow ARTOO over to a computer wall socket. The two JEDI fight off FOUR MORE DROIDS as ARTOO tries to find the Chancellor. Finally, a HOLOGRAM of the Trade Federation ship appears. 

OBI-WAN: The Chancellor's signal is coming from right there. The observation platform at the top of that spire. 

ANAKIN: I sense Count Dooku . . . 

OBI-WAN: I sense a trap. 

ANAKIN: Next move? 

OBI-WAN: Spring the trap. 

The JEDI start to leave; ARTOO follows. The JEDI stop and turn to ARTOO. 

ANAKIN: Artoo, go back. I need you to stay with the ship. 

OBI-WAN: Here, take this, and wait for orders. 

OBI-WAN tosses the comlink to ARTOO. 

10 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS enters the bridge of the TRADE FEDERATION cruiser followed by his TWO BODYGUARDS. He walks to the front of the bridge and stands in front of the NEIMOIDIAN CAPTAIN. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: What's the situation, Captain? 

CAPTAIN: TWO Jedi have landed in the main hangar bay. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Just as Count Dooku predicted. 

11 INT. HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN head for the elevator. A door opens in the hallway and two of GENERAL GRIEVOUS's BODYGUARDS confront the JEDI. 

BODYGUARD I: General Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker. We've been waiting for you. 

OBI-WAN: We are here to relieve you of Chancellor Palpatine, not join him. 

As a dozen more droids join the group, the JEDI ignite their lightsabers and stand back-to-back. 

OBI-WAN: Anakin. . . 

ANAKIN: Ready. 

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN use their lightsabers and cut a large circle in the floor. 

12 INT. GENERATOR ROOM-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The TWO JEDI cut their way down several floors into a large generator room. Huge EXPLOSIONS outside the ship have caused several large pipes overhead to break, and fluid is spewing everywhere. The Jedi get up and turn off their light sabers. ANAKIN dips his hand into the fluid and sniffs it. 

OBI-WAN: . . . fuel. The slightest charge from our sabers will send this ship into oblivion. That's why they've stopped shooting. 

ANAKIN: Well then, we're safe for the time being. 

OBI-WAN: Your idea of safe is not the same as mine. 

They run, EXPLOSIONS rattle the ship, and pipes continue to burst around them, spilling more fuel into the hallway. At the far end, SIX SUPER BATTLE DROIDS drop into the fuel. The SOUNDS OF SHIELD DOORS CLOSING AND LOCKING ECHO throughout the hallway. They pass several large power generators, which are topped with SPARKING excess power dischargers. 

ANAKIN: They're sealing this section off. 

OBI-WAN: Six droids coming our way! 

The last of the DOORS CAN BE HEARD CLOSING in the distance. 

ANAKIN: Keep moving. There must be vents . . . This way. 

They move along a wall. ANAKIN climbs up the side to a small vent. The fuel gets closer to the SPARKING dischargers. 

OBI-WAN: We'll never get through that. It's too small! 

They move toward a second vent. OBI-WAN is swimming in the fuel as it reaches to within a couple yards of the ceiling. ANAKIN feels along the ceiling and finds another smaller vent. He closes his eyes and tries to sense an opening, then he moves on. OBI-WAN is forced into hand-to-hand combat with one of the SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. It pulls the Jedi under the fuel. Just before he is about to drown, OBI-WAN disables the SUPER BATTLE DROID by pushing him into an exhaust pipe. 

The fuel is up to the Jedi's chins. ANAKIN finds a very, very small metal grate, then pounds on it until the tiny grate breaks loose. 

ANAKIN: I found our escape vent. 

OBI-WAN: Anakin, this is no time for jokes. We're in serious trouble here. 

ANAKIN: Only in your mind. My Master. Look, no structure. . . . 

ANAKIN grabs the side of the tiny hole and gives it a big yank, ripping a large panel loose revealing a "man-sized" work shaft. They scramble through it as the DROIDS swim closer. 

13 INT. VENT SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The TWO JEDI pull themselves through the narrow vent shaft until they reach a small hatch in the side of the tube. 

ANAKIN: Here's a way out. 

As the SUPER BATTLE DROIDS reach the opening in the ceiling and the fuel gets to within a few feet of the power generator sparks, the JEDI work the keyboard on the pressure lock, opening the latch. 

14 INT. SMALL PASSAGEWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The TWO JEDI climb into a small passageway and slam the hatch shut. They make their way through the ever-shrinking shaft until they reach the end. 

15 INT. HALLWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

A hatch opens in one of the main hallways of the Trade Federation Cruiser, and the JEDI squeeze out, SLAMMING the hatch. Behind them, ANAKIN seals the hatch with his laser sword. 

OBI-WAN: That won't hold when the fuel hits those power dischargers. 

ANAKIN: The blast will break the hull. This side's pressurized. 

OBI-WAN: You still have much to learn, Anakin. 

16 INT. VENT SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The SUPER BATTLE DROIDS climb up the vent shaft. SUPER BATTLE DROID R77 and SEVERAL OTHER DROIDS wait in the generator room as the fuel continues to rise toward the power discharger. 

SUPER BATTLE DROID R77: I have a bad feeling about this. 

17 INT. GENERATOR ROOM-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The fuel hits the SPARKING power discharger, and there is a HUGE EXPLOSION. 

18 EXT. TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER-BATTLE 

A GREAT EXPLOSION and a flaming gas cloud spray out of the side of the Federation Cruiser. 

19 INT. HALLWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

A large bulge appears in the wall around the sealed hatch as the EXPLOSION hits. OBI-WAN jumps back, then stands amazed. 

OBI-WAN: All right, you win. I have much to learn. Let's go! 

ANAKIN grins at OBI-WAN, and they run down the hallway. 

20 INT. WIDE HALLWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The two JEDI wait for an elevator to arrive. They turn around and see they are face to face with THREE DESTROYER DROIDS. The DROIDS start blasting away. Anakin deflects the bolts. OBI-WAN frantically pushes the elevator button several more times. 

ANAKIN: Destroyers!! 

Finally the door opens, and they rush inside under a hail of laser bolts. The elevator door slides shut. The JEDI turn to see BATTLE DROIDS standing behind them. 

BATTLE DROID: Drop your weapons! I said drop 'em. 

The JEDI activate their light sabers and destroy all the BATTLE DROIDS. 

21 INT HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

R2-D2 notices two SUPER BATTLE DROIDS entering the hangar. He moves and hides behind a Jedi Starfighter. 

22 INT. ELEVATOR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The elevator begins to move and screeches to a stop. 

OBI-WAN: Did you press the stop button? 

ANAKIN: No, did you? 

OBI-WAN: No! 

ANAKIN: Well, there's more than one way out of here. 

ANAKIN ignites his laser sword. 

OBI-WAN: We don't want to get out, we want to get moving. Artoo . . . Artoo. Do you copy? Activate elevator . . . (looks at control panel) . . . 31174 . . . 

ANAKIN cuts a hole in the elevator ceiling. 

23 INT MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS are inspecting the Jedi starfighters. They overhear Obi-Wan's voice over the comlink and are distracted. 

SUPER BATTLE DROID 1: What's that? 

SUPER BATTLE DROID 2: Get back to work. It's nothing. 

24 INT. ELEVATOR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

OBI-WAN: Artoo? 

ANAKIN climbs through the hole in the ceiling of the elevator. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Always on the move. 

OBI-WAN continues to talk on the comlink. Artoo quietly beeps a reply. 

25 INT MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ARTOO tries to muffle the comlink as the TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS try to figure out where the voices are coming from. ARTOO extends an arm and plugs into a computer interface. 

OBI-WAN: (OS) Artoo, switch on the comlink. Artoo, do you hear me? Artoo, we gave you a job to do! Artoo. 

26 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

Suddenly, the elevator plummets down the shaft. ANAKIN quickly jumps and grabs onto the hallway entry door. He watches as the elevator recedes down the shaft and disappears. ANAKIN struggles to keep his grip on the closed door as SPARKING wires rain down on him. 

27 INT. ELEVATOR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The elevator starts to descend rapidly. 

OBI-WAN: Stop, stop! Artoo, we need to be going up. 

28 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

Anakin struggles to hang on to the narrow edge of the elevator shaft. The door to the elevator shaft is pried open, and TWO BATTLE DROIDS appear in the doorway and look down at ANAKIN. They point their guns at him. 

DROID 1: Hands up, Jedi! Don't move. 

DROID 2: Roger, roger. 

29 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS overhear OBI-WAN's comlink messages to ARTOO. 

SUPER BATTLE DROID 1: There it is again. 

OBI-WAN: (OS) Artoo, do you copy? Artoo, do you hear me? Artoo, we need to be going up, not down. 

30 INT. ELEVATOR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The elevator races down as OBI-WAN holds on. 

OBI-WAN: Stop. Artoo! We need to go up! Stop, stop! 

The elevator stops with a jolt. OBI-WAN falls to the floor. 

31 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS see ARTOO and walk toward the little droid. 

SUPER BATTLE DROID 1: Hey you! 

ARTOO plugs into the interface again and the elevator shoots up. 

32 INT. ELEVATOR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

OBI-WAN stands up after having fallen in the elevator. 

OBI-WAN: Now, that's better . . . 

33 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ARTOO is held up by TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS, who chuckle as the little Astro Droid curses and swings at them. 

SUPER BATTLE DROID 1: You stupid little astro droid! 

34 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ANAKIN looks down and sees the elevator heading toward him at a high rate of speed. He looks at the BATTLE DROIDS leaning over him with their guns pointed at him. He calculates for a moment, then gives himself a push and flips himself up into the elevator shaft. 

Before ANAKIN can arc into a descent down the shaft, the elevator races up through the shaft, cutting the DROIDS in two. ANAKIN lands on the elevator and quickly drops back through the hole in the ceiling. OBI-WAN is startled and ignites his lightsaber. 

OBI-WAN: Oh, it's you . . . 

35 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ARTOO activates his oil hose and sprays the SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. The SUPER BATTLE DROIDS slip on the oil. 

36 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ANAKIN: What was that all about? 

OBI-WAN: Well, Artoo has been . . . 

ANAKIN: No loose wire jokes . . . He's doing the best he can. 

OBI-WAN: Did I say anything? 

ANAKIN: He's trying! 

OBI-WAN: I didn't say anything! 

37 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ARTOO ignites his arm rockets and shoots out of their grip, spraying them both with oil and setting them on fire. The SUPER BATTLE DROIDS slip and slide until they fall, smoldering. ARTOO rolls away. 

38 INT. GENERAL'S QUARTER'S-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

The elevator door opens and the TWO JEDI carefully make their way into the main room of the General's Quarters. 
At the far end sits SUPREME CHANCELLOR PALPATINE. ANAKIN and OBI-WAN move toward the CHANCELLOR. 
As they get closer to PALPATINE, they see a very distressed look on the Chancellor's face. 

OBI-WAN: (bows) Chancellor. 

ANAKIN: Are you all right? 

PALPATINE: (quietly) Count Dooku. 

PALPATINE makes a small gesture with his hand. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN turn around. The elevator DOORS CAN BE HEARD OPENING AND CLOSING as COUNT DOOKU strides into the room. He is above the Jedi, standing on a balcony, with two SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. The Jedi turn to see him. He looks down on the Jedi. 

OBI-WAN: (quietly to Anakin) This time we will do it together. 

ANAKIN: I was about to say that. 

COUNT DOOKU jumps down to the main level. 

PALPATINE: Get help! You're no match for him. He's a Sith Lord. 

OBI-WAN: Chancellor Palpatine, Sith Lords are our specialty. 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN throw off their cloaks and ignite their lightsabers. 

COUNT DOOKU: Your swords, please, Master Jedi. We don't want to make a mess of things in front of the Chancellor. 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN move toward DOOKU. 

OBI-WAN: You won't get away this time, Dooku. 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN charge COUNT DOOKU. A great sword fight ensues. 

COUNT DOOKU: I've been looking forward to this. 

ANAKIN: My powers have doubled since the last time we met, Count. 

COUNT DOOKU: Good. Twice the pride, double the fall. 

DOOKU lunges at the JEDI and they fall back . . . 

COUNT DOOKU: (continuing) Your moves are clumsy, Kenobi . . . too predictable. You'll have to do better. 

As the battle proceeds, OBI-WAN and COUNT DOOKU are tired. ANAKIN is stronger as he becomes angry. ANAKIN continues to drive the attack on DOOKU. COUNT DOOKU throws OBI-WAN back using the Force. 
ANAKIN and COUNT DOOKU move up the stairs. As they reach the upper landing of the General's Quarters, ANAKIN leaps over COUNT DOOKU. OBI-WAN reaches the top of the stairs, destroying TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. COUNT DOOKU holds OBI-WAN in the air using the Force as he turns and kicks ANAKIN out of frame. OBI-WAN is choking. 
ANAKIN hits the archway. 
DOOKU sends OBI-WAN flying. The Jedi tumbles to the lower level unconscious. COUNT DOOKU spins around again and, using the Force, causes a section of the balcony to drop onto OBI-WAN. ANAKIN spins and kicks COUNT DOOKU, sending him over the balcony. ANAKIN Jumps, following him down to the main floor. COUNT DOOKU and ANAKIN continue the fight. 

COUNT DOOKU: (continuing) I sense great fear in you, Skywalker. You have hate, you have anger, but you don’t use them. 

Anakin regains his composure and attacks COUNT DOOKU as the Dark Lord continues his spin to meet him head on. Their fighting becomes even more intense. 
Anakin attacks COUNT DOOKU with a new ferociousness. 

39 INT. GENERAL'S QUARTERS-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

Anakin and Dooku continue their fight. It is intense! Finally, in one last energized charge, ANAKIN cuts off COUNT DOOKU's hands. The Jedi catches the lightsaber as it drops from the severed Sith Lord's hand. COUNT DOOKU stumbles to the floor as ANAKIN puts the two lightsabers to his neck. PALPATINE is grinning as he watches COUNT DOOKU's defeat. 

PALPATINE: Good, Anakin, good. I knew you could do it. Kill him. Kill him now! 

ANAKIN: I shouldn't . . . 

PALPATINE: Do it!! 

ANAKIN cuts off COUNT DOOKU's head. A huge EXPLOSION somewhere deep in the ship rattles everything. 

ANAKIN: ... I couldn't stop myself. 

PALPATINE: You did well, Anakin. He was too dangerous to be kept alive. 

ANAKIN drops COUNT DOOKU's lightsaber, moving to PALPATINE. 

ANAKIN: Yes, but he was an unarmed prisoner. 

ANAKIN raises his hands toward PALPATINE, who is strapped in the Admiral's Chair. The Chancellor's restraints pop loose. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) I shouldn't have done that, Chancellor. It's not the Jedi way. 

PALPATINE stands up, rubbing his wrists. 

PALPATINE: It is only natural. He cut off your arm, and you wanted revenge. It wasn't the first time, Anakin. Remember what you told me about your mother and the Sand People. Now, we must leave before more security droids arrive. 

The ship begins to list to one side. ANAKIN rushes over to OBI-WAN, lifts the control console from on top of him, and pulls him free. He kneels down and checks out his unconscious friend. PALPATINE heads for the elevators. 

PALPATINE: (continuing) Anakin, there is no time. We must get off the ship before it's too late. 

ANAKIN: He seems to be all right. No broken bones, breathing's all right. 

PALPATINE: Leave him, or we'll never make it. 

ANAKIN: His fate will be the same as ours. 

ANAKIN picks up OBI-WAN, slings him over his shoulder, and heads for the elevators. 

40 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Prepare for attack. 

PILOT: All batteries fire! Fire! 

41 INT. BATTLESTATIONS-REPUBLIC CRUISER 

Clone gunners fire on the Trade Federation cruiser and take fire in return. Gun emplacements are destroyed. Clone troopers go flying. 

42 INT. ELEVATOR LOBBY-GENERAL'S QUARTERS-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ANAKIN carries OBI-WAN to the elevator doors and hits the button. PALPATINE joins him. 

ANAKIN: The elevator's not working, (into his comlink) Artoo . . . 

ARTOO BEEPS a response to ANAKIN. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) . . . Activate Elevator 3224. 

Suddenly the ship shifts to its side as the elevator doors open. PALPATINE is thrown to the ground. ANAKIN jumps to the door frame of the elevator. ANAKIN looks into the elevator shaft. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) Artoo ... do you copy? Artoo, come in! 

43 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

Windows are blown out, droids and equipment are sucked into space. 

PILOT: Reverse stabilizers. 

44 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

As the ship rolls, spacecraft and equipment CRASH from one side of the ship to the other. 
Several objects break through the metal blast doors, causing objects to be sucked into space. ARTOO starts to slide toward one of the small holes. 

45 INT. ELEVATOR LOBBY-GENERAL'S QUARTERS-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

As the elevator shaft rotates, it has become a long hallway. 
ANAKIN clings to the doorframe with OBI-WAN on his shoulder, as the Chancellor struggles to join him. 

46 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ARTOO continues to skid and slide toward open space. He swerves around boxes and wrecked fighters. One of the BATTLE DROIDS stumbles and is consumed by the electronic shield in a zap. ARTOO BEEPS a reply as he dodges the laser blasts of the BATTLE DROIDS. One bolt hits very near him, and he SCREAMS in terror. 

47 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

PILOT: Magnetize! Magnetize! 

48 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ARTOO is about to be overtaken by a starfighter sliding behind him. He falls into a heap of broken battle droid parts and the fighter bounces over him. 

49 EXT. SPACE-CORUSCANT 

The TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER heads straight down toward the planet. 

50 INT. ELEVATOR LOBBY-GENERAL'S QUARTERS-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ANAKIN jumps into the horizontal elevator shaft with OBI-WAN still on his shoulder. 

ANAKIN: We can't wait. Come on, we have to be fast. 

PALPATINE climbs into the elevator shaft also. They start running. The ship begins to roll again, and the Jedi and the Chancellor are forced to jump from one side of the elevator to the other. 

51 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Fire the emergency booster engines. 

PILOT: Leveling out, sir. 

52 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT ON SIDE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ANAKIN still carrying OBI-WAN on his back, and PALPATINE run down the elevator shaft as it starts to move upright. ANAKIN cuts a control box on one of the doors, but before the doors can open, the ship moves to an angle, causing ANAKIN and PALPATINE to start sliding down the shaft. ANAKIN grabs some wires in the control box with one hand. PALPATINE grabs onto the Jedi's leg. As the ship rights itself, they are left hanging in the bottomless elevator shaft. 

53 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT, VERTICAL-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ANAKIN, OBI-WAN, and PALPATINE hang precariously on the side of the bottomless elevator shaft. OBI-WAN regains consciousness and tries to look around. 

ANAKIN: Easy. . . . We're in a bit of a situation. 

OBI-WAN: Did I miss something? 

OBI-WAN looks down and sees PALPATINE and the bottomless pit. They hear ARTOO BEEPING on Obi-Wan's comlink. The ship begins to roll, causing the vertical shaft to move into a forty-five-degree angle. They hear the elevator brakes release and look up to see the elevator heading toward them. 

ANAKINN: Hold on. 

OBI-WAN: What is that? 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN look up to watch the elevator approach them at high speed, then OBI-WAN turns to ANAKIN. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Oops. 

ANAKIN: Artoo, Artoo, shut down the elevator! 

OBI-WAN: Too late! Jump! 

They fall about three hundred feet before the tilt of the ship catches up with them, and they hit the side of the shaft and slide at great speed just ahead of the elevator. The shaft continues to rotate until it is completely horizontal. 
ANAKIN and OBI-WAN take out and throw grappling hooks. The hooks catch and they continue to fall. All the doors in the elevator shaft open up, and the group swings through the open door into a hallway. The elevator roars by. 

54 INT. ELEVATOR LOBBY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

ANAKIN, OBI-WAN, and PALPATINE fly through the elevator door and land. 

OBI-WAN: Let's see if we can find something in the hangar bay that's still flyable. Come on. 

ANAKIN: Artoo, get down here. Artoo, do you copy? 

55 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

As the Federation Cruiser continues to rotate, ARTOO SQUEALS and pokes a periscope out of a pile of broken BATTLE DROID PARTS. He looks around then rockets up out of the debris. 

56 INT. HALLWAY TO HANGAR BAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN lead PALPATINE down a hallway toward the hangar bay. 

57 INT. DOORWAY TO HANGAR BAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

It is extremely windy as bits and pieces are continually sucked into space. The hangar bay doors are closed, but great stresses are being exerted as the ship twists, re-entering the atmosphere of Coruscant. They stop in a doorway leading into the hangar bay. 

OBI-WAN: None of those ships will get us anywhere. 

ANAKIN: I agree. 

PALPATINE: What are we going to do? 

ANAKIN: I don't know. 

OBI-WAN: Don't look at me. I don't know. 

ANAKIN and PALPATINE both look to OBI-WAN. He shrugs his shoulders. Anakin's Fighter has been sucked out of the hangar bay and is totaled. Suddenly, the ship turns on its side. 

ANAKIN: Here, Chancellor, lock this around your waist, and hold on. 

OBI-WAN: We'll head toward the bridge and see if we can find an escape pod. 

ANAKIN hands PALPATINE the end of a cable that is attached to his utility belt. PALPATINE attaches it around his waist. ANAKIN and OBI-WAN throw their utility cables to some pipes in the ceiling and swing to a second set of pipes. 

58 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

OBI-WAN grabs onto the pipes that run along what was the ceiling and is now the wall. As he moves out into the hangar, TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS start firing at him. The Jedi ignites his lightsaber and deflects the bolts back at the DROIDS, blowing them up. ANAKIN and PALPATINE follow OBI-WAN along the pipes running along the ceiling of the hangar. PALPATINE struggles against the escaping air of the pressurized hangar. PALPATINE loses his grip as a pipe breaks, causing a rush of steam, but ANAKIN manages to maintain his grasp on the pipe as the CHANCELLOR dangles on the other end of the utility cable. They are surrounded by SPARKS and EXPLOSIONS as the ship twists and tries to break apart. ANAKIN moves out of the steam and struggles to pull PALPATINE back to safety. ANAKIN is almost pulled loose in the buffeting winds. The ceiling behind them buckles, causing pipes to break, creating geysers of steam. Some bits of pipe go hurling into the blast doors and out into space. They make it through a hangar doorway and close it behind them. 

59 INT. HANGAR DOORWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

OBI-WAN, ANAKIN and PALPATINE are out of breath. 

ANAKIN/OBI-WAN: Well, that was close. 

They laugh. 

60 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

BODYGUARD: General, we found the Jedi. They're in hallway 328. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Activate ray shields. 

61 INT. HALLWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

They run down the hallway. Suddenly, ray shields drop around them, putting them in an electronic box in the middle of the hallway. 

ANAKIN: Ray shields! 

OBI-WAN takes a deep breath to express his total disappointment. 

OBI-WAN: Wait a minute, how'd this happen! We're smarter than this. 

ANAKIN: Apparently not, Master. This is the oldest trap in the book . . . Well ... I was distracted. 

OBI-WAN: Oh, so all of a sudden it's my fault. 

ANAKIN: You're the Master. I'm just a hero. 

OBI-WAN: I'm open to suggestions here. 

PALPATINE: Why don't we let them take us to General Grievous. Perhaps with Count Dooku's demise, we can negotiate our release. 

The Jedi look at each other in disbelief. 

ANAKIN: I say . . . patience. 

OBI-WAN: Patience! That's your plan, is it? 

ANAKIN: Yes, Artoo will be along in a few moments and he'll release the ray shields . . . 

ARTOO comes skidding across the hallway and bashes into the opposite wall. He takes a moment to compose himself. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) See! No problem. 

Suddenly several doorways open, revealing TWO DESTROYER DROIDS. SIXTEEN SUPER BATTLE DROIDS emerge from behind the DESTROYER DROIDS. 
ARTOO turns and zaps one of the SUPER BATTLE DROIDS who then kicks ARTOO over. 

SUPER BATTLE DROID: Don't move, dummy. Ouch! Zap this. 

OBI-WAN: Do you have a plan B? 

62 EXT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

OBI-WAN, ANAKIN PALPATINE, and ARTOO are captured by GENERAL GRIEVOUS. They stand before the ALIEN DROID GENERAL. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Oh yes. General Kenobi, the Negotiator. We've been waiting for you. That wasn't much of a rescue. 

A BATTLE DROID walks to GENERAL GRIEVOUS and hands him the JEDI'S lightsabers. 

OBI-WAN: That depends upon your point of view. Hah! 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: And Anakin Skywalker ... I was expecting someone with your reputation to be a little older. 

ANAKIN: General Grievous . . . Supreme Commander of the Droid Armies. You're shorter than I expected. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Ahhhh, Jedi scum . . . 

OBI-WAN: Anakin, try not to upset him. We have a job to do. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Your lightsabers will make a fine addition to my collection. 

OBI-WAN: Not this time. And this time you won't escape. 

ANAKIN: Artoo. 

ARTOO creates a distraction by extending all his arms, shooting out electrical pulses, and bouncing around. 
OBI-WAN, hands restrained with electrobonds, spins around, reaches out and, using the Force, yanks his lightsaber out of the General's hand, ignites it, and cuts his bonds. He continues to spin around and cuts Anakin free. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Crush them! Make them suffer! 

ANAKIN uses the Force to yank his lightsaber out of the General's hand. 

The DROIDS that surround them begin to FIRE. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN jump into the line of fire. The bridge degenerates into chaos. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN are locked in a pitched battle between electro staffs and laser swords with GENERAL GRIEVOUS's TWO BODYGUARDS. 

CHANCELLOR PALPATINE is taken away by two BATTLE DROIDS. GENERAL GRIEVOUS walks around the bridge directing the BATTLE DROIDS. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Stay and watch your stations. 

OBI-WAN fights one of General Grievous's BODYGUARDS. The BODYGUARD carries an electrified staff about five feet long. When the laser sword hits it, electrical bolts fly everywhere and surround the laser sword. OBI-WAN is unable to cut the staff. The Jedi gets whacked pretty good a couple of times and is knocked halfway across the bridge. 
OBI-WAN pulls himself together and attacks again, cutting off the DROID BODYGUARD'S head. The DROID BODYGUARD keeps attacking. ANAKIN struggles to defend himself against the other manic DROID BODYGUARD. He cuts the DROID BODYGUARD in half. TWO BATTLE DROIDS try to take the CHANCELLOR away. 
ANAKIN follows them down the hallway and cuts them down, rescuing the Chancellor. 
OBI-WAN finishes off the headless BODYGUARD. It crumbles to the floor in pieces. 
ALARMS SOUND as the giant spacecraft begins to list and fall out of orbit. A PILOT yells at GENERAL GRIEVOUS. 

PILOT: Sir, we are falling out of orbit. All aft control cells are dead. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Stay on course . . . Don't bother with them. Keep the ship in orbit. 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN destroy the remaining DROIDS. GENERAL GRIEVOUS retrieves one of the BODYGUARD'S staffs and faces OBI-WAN. ANAKIN leaps over a console and lands behind GENERAL GRIEVOUS. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: You lose, General Kenobi. 

One of the PILOTS stands next to the General. 

PILOT: The ship is breaking up! 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: We've run out of time. 

OBI-WAN tries to get at GENERAL GRIEVOUS. ANAKIN runs at the General from the opposing side. GENERAL GRIEVOUS turns and throws his electrified staff at the window. It breaks, causing chaos as everything that is not nailed down is sucked into space. GENERAL GRIEVOUS is the first one sucked out into space. He fires a cable from his arm that attaches to the ship. He swings in and lands firmly on the side of the ship. 
OBI-WAN, ANAKIN, and PALPATINE hold on for dear life. A blast shield closes around where the window used to be. 

63 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

OBI-WAN continues to fight the BATTLE DROIDS. The DROIDS have backed him into a corner. OBI-WAN hides behind a control panel as the DROIDS blast away at him. He jumps up and over the DROIDS, cutting most of them down before he lands. He destroys the DROIDS and joins ANAKIN. 
ANAKIN and OBI-WAN cut through the rest of the DROIDS as if they were made of butter. PALPATINE stands in shock as he watches the carnage. Droid parts are firing everywhere. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN stand back to back and cut down the last of the DROIDS just as there is a huge shudder, followed by more alarms. SPARKS begin to fly outside the windows. 

PALPATINE: The hull is burning up! 

64 EXT. HULL-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER-SPACE 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS detaches his cable and crawls along the exterior hull of the Federation Cruiser, using his magnetized hands and feet. He reaches a row of escape pods and enters an airlock. 

65 INT. POD BAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER-SPACE 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS enters the escape pod bay through the hatch. The Droid General goes to a control panel and opens an escape pod. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Time to abandon ship. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS pulls a row of switches, and one by one the escape pods are jettisoned. 

66 INT. ESCAPE POD-SPACE 

He gets in one, the hatch closes, and the escape pod blasts away from the damaged Cruiser. 

67 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN go over to the navigator's chair. 

ANAKIN: All the escape pods have been launched. 

OBI-WAN: Grievous. Can you fly a cruiser like this? 

ANAKIN: You mean, do I know how to land what's left of this thing? 

ANAKIN sits in the pilot's chair and sees on a screen the back half of the ship break away. There is a great jolt, and the ship tilts forward. 

OBI-WAN: Well? 

ANAKIN: Under the circumstances, I'd say the ability to pilot this thing is irrelevant. Strap yourselves in. 

OBI-WAN and PALPATINE strap themselves into chairs. ANAKIN struggles with the controls of the ship. The ship starts to glow, and pieces break off. ARTOO moves in on Palpatine 's controls and assists in flying the cruiser. 

OBI-WAN: Steady . . . Attitude . . . eighteen degrees. 

ARTOO beeps. 

ANAKIN: Pressure rising. We've got to slow this wreck down. Open all hatches, extend all flaps, and drag fins. 

OBI-WAN: Temp steady. Hatches open, flaps extended, drag fins . . . 

A large part of the ship breaks away. 

ANAKIN: We lost something. 

OBI-WAN: Not to worry, we're still flying half the ship. 

ANAKIN: Now we're really picking up speed . . . I'm going to shift a few degrees and see if I can slow us down. 

OBI-WAN: Careful . . . we're heating up-twelve thousand . . . thirteen thousand . . . 

ANAKIN: What's our speed? 

OBI-WAN: Eight plus sixty-forty. Eight plus sixty-twenty. Eight plus sixty. Temp ten thousand, nine thousand . . . we're in the atmosphere . . . 

ANAKIN points to one of the controls. ARTOO beeps madly. 

ANAKIN: Grab that . . . Keep us level. 

OBI-WAN: Steady. Steady. 

ANAKIN: Easy, Artoo. Hang on, this may get a little rough. We lost our heat shields. 

OBI-WAN: Five thousand. Three thousand . . . two thousand. Fireships on the left and the right. 

FlRESHIP PILOT: We'll take you in. 

OBI-WAN: Copy that. Landing strip's straight ahead. 

ANAKIN: We're coming in too hot. 

OBI-WAN: Easy-easy. 

The ship leaves a contrail as it streaks across the Coruscant skyline. PALPATINE and OBI-WAN hold on for dear life as the ship shakes and rattles toward an industrial landing platform. 

68 EXT. CORUSCANT-INDUSTRIAL LANDING PLATFORM-AFTERNOON 

A large landing platform in the industrial part of the city is surrounded by Emergency Fire Speeders. The smoking ship approaches as five Fireships spray it with foam. The ship finally makes a rather hard landing. 

OBI-WAN: Another happy landing. 

69 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-LANDING PLATFORM-LATE AFTERNOON 

The small Jedi Shuttle carrying PALPATINE and the JEDI arrives at the landing platform. There are a DOZEN SENATORS, including BAIL ORGANA, JAR JAR BINKS, and C-3PO, waiting for them. PALPATINE, R2-D2, and ANAKIN get out. OBI-WAN and MACE stay in the doorway of the Jedi Shuttle. 

ANAKIN: (to Obi-Wan) Are you coming, Master? 

OBI-WAN: Oh no. I'm not brave enough for politics. I have to report to the Council. Besides, someone needs to be the poster boy. 

ANAKIN: Hold on, this whole operation was your idea. You planned it. You led the rescue operation. You have to be the one to take the bows this time. 

OBI-WAN: Sorry, old friend. Let us not forget that you rescued me from the Buzz Droids. And you killed Count Dooku. And you rescued the Chancellor, carrying me unconscious on your back, and you managed to land that bucket of bolts safely . . . 

ANAKIN: All because of your training, Master. You deserve all those speeches of your greatness. 

OBI-WAN: . . . the endless speeches . . . Anakin, let's be fair. Today, you are the hero and you deserve your glorious day with the politicians. 

ANAKIN: All right. But you owe me . . . and not for saving your skin for the tenth time . . . 

OBI-WAN: Ninth time . . . that business on Cato Nemoidia doesn't count. I'll see you at the briefing. 

ANAKIN smiles and walks away from OBI-WAN. 
The CHANCELLOR and his entourage approach MACE. 

MACE WlNDU: Chancellor Palpatine, what a welcome sight! Are you all right? 

PALPATINE: Yes, thanks to your two Jedi Knights. They killed Count Dooku, but General Grievous has escaped once again. 

MACE WlNDU: General Grievous will run and hide as he always does. He is a coward. 

PALPATINE: That maybe true, but with Count Dooku dead, he is the leader of the Droid Army, and I assure you, the Senate will vote to continue the war as long as Grievous is alive. 

MACE WlNDU: Then the Jedi Council will make finding Grievous our highest priority. 

BAIL, ANAKIN, and the crowd walk away from the platform toward the Senate Building Grand Hallway. 

BAIL ORGANA: Skywalker, the Republic cannot praise you enough. 

ANAKIN and BAIL ORGANA, walking in the hallway. 

ANAKIN: Thank you, Senator Organa. The kidnapping was a bold move by the Separatists, but it was a mistake that Obi-Wan and I were able to take advantage of. 

ARTOO and THREEPIO follow behind the crowd. 

C-3PO: It couldn't possibly be as bad as all that. 

ARTOO beeps. 

C-3PO: (continuing) Well, there, I agree with you. In fact, I could do with a tune-up myself. 

70 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-MAIN HALLWAY-LATE AFTERNOON 

ANAKIN is at the back of the crowd of SENATORS, talking with BAIL ORGANA. R2-D2 and C-3PO scoot along ahead of them. 

BAIL ORGANA: The end of Count Dooku will surely bring an end to this war, and an end to the Chancellor's draconian security measures. 

ANAKIN: I wish that were so, but the fighting is going to continue until General Grievous is spare parts . . . The Chancellor is very clear about that. 

Behind a row of large columns, a SHADOWY FIGURE follows the JEDI and the SENATOR. ANAKIN senses the figure. 

BAIL ORGANA: I'll do everything I can with the Senate. 

ANAKIN: Excuse me. 

BAIL ORGANA: Certainly. 

ANAKIN stops, and BAIL goes off after PALPATINE and the others. ANAKIN goes behind one of the giant columns to meet up with the SHADOWY FIGURE, who is revealed to be SENATOR PADME AMDALA. They embrace and kiss. 

PADME: Oh, Anakin! Thank goodness, you're back. 

ANAKIN: I missed you, Padme. I've missed you so. 

PADME: There were whispers . . . that you'd been killed. I've been living with unbearable dread. 

ANAKIN: I'm back, I'm all right. It feels like we've been apart for a lifetime. And it might have been ... If the Chancellor hadn't been kidnapped. I don't think they would have ever brought us back from the Outer Rim sieges. 

ANAKIN starts to give her another kiss. She steps back. 

PADME: Wait, not here . . . 

He grabs her again. 

ANAKIN: Yes, here! I'm tired of all this deception. I don't care if they know we're married. 

PADME: Anakin, don't say things like that. You're important to the Republic ... to ending this war. I love you more than anything, but I won't let you give up your life as a Jedi for me . . . 

ANAKIN: I've given my life to the Jedi order, but I'd only give up my life, for you. 

PADME: (playfully) I wouldn't like that. I wouldn't like that one bit. Patience, my handsome Jedi . . . Come to me later. 

ANAKIN embraces her, then looks at her. 

ANAKIN: Are you all right? You're trembling. What's going on? 

PADME: I'm just excited to see you. 

ANAKIN: That's not it. I sense more . . . what is it? 

PADME: Nothing . . . nothing . . . 

ANAKIN: You're frightened. (a little angry) Tell me what's going on! 

PADME begins to cry. 

PADME: You've been gone five months . . . it's been very hard for me. I've never felt so alone. There's . . . 

ANAKIN: . . . Is there someone else? 

PADME: (peeved, angry) No! Why do you think that? Your jealousy upsets me so much, Anakin. I do nothing to betray you, yet you still don't trust me. Nothing has changed. 

ANAKIN: (sheepish) I'm afraid of losing you, Padme . . . that's all. 

PADME: I will never stop loving you, Anakin. My only fear is losing you. 

ANAKIN: It's just that I've never seen you like this . . . 

PADME: Something wonderful has happened. 

They look at each other for a long moment. 

PADME: (continuing) I'm . . . Annie, I'm pregnant. 

ANAKIN is stunned. He thinks through all of the ramifications of this. He takes her in his arms. 

ANAKIN: That's . . . that's wonderful. 

PADME: What are we going to do? 

ANAKIN: We're not going to worry about anything right now, all right? This is a happy moment. The happiest moment of my life. 

71 EXT. UTAPAU-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

A small NEIMOIDIAN SHUTTLE lands. BATTLE DROIDS surround the ramp as GENERAL GRIEVOUS descends onto the platform. SUPER BATTLE DROID G21 approaches. 

SUPER BATTLE DROID G21: The planet is secure, sir. The population is under control. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Good. Where is the Separatist Council? 

SUPER BATTLE DROID G21: This way, sir ... 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS takes the elevator to an upper level. He enters a conference room and presses a series of buttons on the table, and bows. 

72 INT. UTAPAU-CONFERENCE ROOM-GRAND CHAMBER-DAY 

A hologram of Darth Sidious appears. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Yes, Lord Sidious. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: General Grievous, I suggest you move the Separatist leaders to Mustafar. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: It will be done, My Lord. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: The end of the war is near, General, and I promise you, victory is assured. 

The hologram of Sidious talks to GRIEVOUS about the death of Count Dooku. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: But the loss of Count Dooku? 

DARTH SlDIOUS: His death was a necessary loss, which will ensure our victory. Soon I will have a new apprentice . . . one far younger and more powerful than Lord Tyranus. 

73 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-TWILIGHT 

PADME stands in the balcony brushing her hair. ANAKIN leans against the wall, watching her lovingly. 

ANAKIN: . . . every second I was thinking of you. Protecting the endless, nameless Outer Rim settlements became a torture . . . the battles were easy, the longing became unbearable . . . I've never been so happy as I am at this moment. 

PADME: Annie, I want to have our baby back home on Naboo. We could go to the lake country where no one would know . . . where we would be safe. I could go early-and fix up the baby's room. I know the perfect spot, right by the gardens. 

ANAKIN: You are so beautiful! 

PADME: It's only because I'm so in love . . . 

ANAKIN: No, it's because I'm so in love with you. 

PADME: So love has blinded you? 

ANAKIN: Well, that's not exactly what I meant . . . 

PADME: But it's probably true! 

They laugh. 

ANAKIN: I haven't laughed in so long . . . 

PADME: Neither have I. 

74 INT. POLIS MASSA-MEDICAL CENTER-DREAM 

The view is strangely distorted and disorienting. PADME is on a table in an alien medical chamber. She is giving birth and is screaming. 

PADME: Anakin, help me! Help, Anakin! Anakin, I love you. I love you. 

She screams and dies. 

75 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-BEDROOM-NIGHT 

ANAKIN awakens in a panic. He is covered in sweat. He looks over in the bed and sees PADME sound asleep next to him. ANAKIN gets out from under the sheets and sits on the side of the bed. He is breathing heavily. He puts his head in his hands and weeps. He regains his composure and leaves the room down a set of stairs. PADME awakens, realizes Anakin is gone. 

PADME: Anakin?? 

She gets out of bed and goes downstairs to look for him. 

76 EXT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-VERANDA-NIGHT 

ANAKIN walks down a flight of stairs onto a large veranda. The vast city planet of Coruscant, smoldering from the battle, is spread out before him. He is distraught. 
PADME descends the stairs and joins ANAKIN on the veranda. She takes his hand. He doesn't look at her. 

PADME: What's bothering you? 

ANAKIN: Nothing . . . 

ANAKIN touches the japor snippet around PADME'S neck, that Anakin gave her when he was a small boy. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) I remember when I gave this to you. 

PADME: Anakin, how long is it going to take for us to be honest with each other? 

ANAKIN: It was a dream. 

PADME: Bad? 

ANAKIN: Like the ones I used to have about my mother just before she died. 

PADME: And? 

ANAKIN: It was about you. 

They look at each other. A moment of concern passes between them. 

PADME: Tell me. 

ANAKIN: It was only a dream. 

PADME gives him a long, worried look. ANAKIN takes a deep breath. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) You die in childbirth . . . 

PADME: And the baby? 

ANAKIN: I don't know. 

PADME: It was only a dream. 

ANAKIN takes PADME in his arms. 

ANAKIN: . . . I won't let this one become real, Padme. 

They embrace, then part. 

PADME: Anakin, this baby will change our lives. I doubt the Queen will continue to allow me to serve in the Senate, and if the Council discovers you are the father, you will be expelled from the Jedi Order. 

ANAKIN: I know …. 

PADME: Anakin, do you think Obi-Wan might be able to help us? 

ANAKIN: (suspicious) Have you told him anything? 

PADME: No, but he's your mentor, your best friend . . . he must suspect something. 

ANAKIN: He's been a father to me, but he's still on the Council. Don't tell him anything! 

PADME: I won't, Anakin. 

ANAKIN: I don't need his help . . . Our baby is a blessing, not a problem. 

77 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-YODAS QUARTERS-DAY 

YODA and ANAKIN sit in Yoda 's room, deep in thought. 

YODA: Premonitions . . . premonitions . . . Hmmmm . . . these visions you have . . . 

ANAKIN: They are of pain, suffering, death . . . 

YODA: Yourself you speak of, or someone you know? 

ANAKIN: Someone . . . 

YODA: . . . close to you? 

ANAKIN: Yes. 

YODA: Careful you must be when sensing the future, Anakin. The fear of loss is a path to the dark side. 

ANAKIN: I won't let these visions come true, Master Yoda. 

YODA: Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them, do not. Miss them, do not. Attachment leads to jealousy. The shadow of greed, that is. 

ANAKIN: What must I do, Master Yoda? 

YODA: Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose. 

78 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-HALLWAY-DAY 

ANAKIN hurries down a temple hallway, heading toward a Jedi Briefing Room. SEVERAL JEDI are exiting. 

79 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-BRIEFING ROOM-DAY 

ANAKIN rushes into the Briefing Room. By the time he reaches the Chamber, the last of the Jedi are leaving. Only OBI-WAN remains at the front of the lecture hall. He is shutting off some holograms and electronic charts and maps. 

OBI-WAN: You missed the report on the Outer Rim sieges. 

ANAKIN: I'm sorry, I was held up. I have no excuse. 

OBI-WAN: In short, they are going very well. Saleucami has fallen, and Master Vos has moved his troops to Boz Pity. 

ANAKIN: What's wrong then? 

OBI-WAN: The Senate is expected to vote more executive powers to the Chancellor today. 

ANAKIN: Well, that can only mean less deliberating and more action. Is that bad? It will make it easier for us to end this war. 

OBI-WAN: Anakin, be careful of your friend Palpatine. 

ANAKIN: Be careful of what? 

OBI-WAN: He has requested your presence. 

ANAKIN: What for? 

OBI-WAN: He would not say. 

ANAKIN: He didn't inform the Jedi Council? That's unusual, isn't it? 

OBI-WAN: All of this is unusual, and it's making me feel uneasy. You're probably aware that relations between the Council and the Chancellor are stressed. 

ANAKIN: I know the Council has grown wary of the Chancellor's power, mine also for that matter. Aren't we all working together to save the Republic? Why all this distrust? 

OBI-WAN: The Force grows dark, Anakin, and we are all affected by it. Be wary of your feelings. 

80 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-DAY 

ANAKIN stands with PALPATINE at his window overlooking the vastness of Coruscant. Several buildings have been destroyed. A brown haze hangs over the landscape. 

PALPATINE: Anakin, this afternoon the Senate is going to call on me to take direct control of the Jedi Council. 

ANAKIN: The Jedi will no longer report to the Senate? 

PALPATINE: They will report to me . . . personally. The Senate is too unfocused to conduct a war. This will bring a quick end to things. 

ANAKIN: I agree, but the Jedi Council may not see it that way. 

PALPATINE: There are times when we must all endure adjustments to the constitution in the name of security. 

ANAKIN: With all due respect, sir, the Council is in no mood for more constitutional amendments. 

PALPATINE: Thank you, my friend, but in this case I have no choice . . . this war must be won. 

ANAKIN: Everyone will agree on that. 

PALPATINE: Anakin, I've known you since you were a small boy. I have advised you over the years when I could ... I am very proud of your accomplishments. You have won many battles the Jedi Council thought were lost . . . and you saved my life. I hope you trust me, Anakin. 

ANAKIN: Of course. 

PALPATINE: I need your help, son. 

ANAKIN: What do you mean? 

PALPATINE: I fear the Jedi. The Council keeps pushing for more control. They're shrouded in secrecy and obsessed with maintaining their autonomy . . . ideals. I find simply incomprehensible in a democracy. 

ANAKIN: I can assure you that the Jedi are dedicated to the values of the Republic, sir. 

PALPATINE: Nevertheless, their actions will speak more loudly than their words. I'm depending on you. 

ANAKIN: For what? I don't understand. 

PALPATINE: To be the eyes, ears, and voice of the Republic . . . 

ANAKIN thinks about this. 

PALPATINE: (continuing) Anakin . . . I'm appointing you to be my personal representative on the Jedi Council. 

ANAKIN: Me? A Master? I am overwhelmed, sir, but the Council elects its own members. They will never accept this. 

PALPATINE: I think they will . . . they need you more than you know. 

81 INT. CORUSCANT-BAIL ORGANA'S OFFICE-DAY 

PADME, BAIL ORGANA, and SENATORS MON MOTHMA, FANG ZAR, TERR TANEEL, and GIDDEAN DANU sit in Senator Organa 's office. 

BAIL ORGANA: Now that he has control of the Jedi Council, the Chancellor has appointed Governors to oversee all star systems in the Republic. 

FANG ZAR: When did this happen? 

BAIL ORGANA: The decree was posted this morning. 

PADME: Do you think he will dismantle the Senate? 

MON MOTHMA: Why bother? As a practical matter, the Senate no longer exists. 

GIDDEAN DANU: The constitution is in shreds. Amendment after amendment . . . executive directives, sometimes a dozen in one day. 

BAIL ORGANA: We can't let a thousand years of democracy disappear without a fight. 

EVERYONE looks at each other, a little worried at the implications of what was just said. 

TERR TANEEL: What are you suggesting? 

BAIL ORGANA: I apologize. I didn't mean to sound like a Separatist. 

MON MOTHMA: We are not Separatists trying to leave the Republic. We are loyalists, trying to preserve democracy in the Republic. 

BAIL ORGANA: It has become increasingly clear to many of us that the Chancellor has become an enemy of democracy. 

PADME: I can't believe it has come to this! Chancellor Palpatine is one of my oldest advisors. He served as my Ambassador when I was Queen. 

GlDDEAN DANU: Senator, I fear you underestimate the amount of corruption that has taken hold in the Senate. 

MON MOTHMA: The Chancellor has played the Senators well. They know where the power lies, and they will do whatever it takes to share in it. Palpatine has become a dictator and we have helped him to do it. 

BAIL ORGANA: We can't sit around debating any longer, we have decided to do what we can to stop it. Senator Mon Mothma and I are putting together an organization . . . 

PADME: Say no more. Senator Organa. I understand. At this point, it's better to leave some things unsaid. 

BAIL ORGANA: Yes. I agree and we must not discuss this with anyone, without everyone in this group agreeing. 

MON MOTHMA: That means those closest to you . . . even family ... no one can be told. 

They ALL nod their heads. PADME considers this for a moment. 

PADME: Agreed. 

82 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-HALLWAY OUTSIDE COUNCIL CHAMBERS-DAY 

ANAKIN stands pensively in front of the Jedi Council Chambers. The door opens. 

83 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-COUNCIL CHAMBERS-DAY 

ANAKIN enters and stands in the middle of the room. He is surrounded by the Jedi Council MACE WINDU, EETH KOTH OBI-WAN, YODA, the HOLOGRAMS of PLO KOON and KI-ADI-MUNDI. 

MACE: Anakin Skywalker, we have approved your appointment to the Council as the Chancellor's personal representative. 

ANAKIN: I will do my best to uphold the principles of the Jedi Order. 

YODA: Allow this appointment lightly, the Council does not. Disturbing is this move by Chancellor Palpatine. 

ANAKIN: I understand. 

MACE: You are on this Council, but we do not grant you the rank of Master. 

Anakin reacts with anger. 

ANAKIN: What? ! How can you do this?? This is outrageous, it's unfair . . . I'm more powerful than any of you. How can you be on the Council and not be a Master? 

MACE: Take a seat, young Skywalker. 

ANAKIN: Forgive me, Master. 

ANAKIN goes and sits in one of the empty chairs. Everyone is embarrassed. KI-ADI-MUNDI WHO APPEARS AS A HOLOGRAM, speaks. 

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: We have surveyed all systems in the Republic, and have found no sign of General Grievous. 

YODA: Hiding in the Outer Rim, Grievous is. The outlying systems, you must sweep. 

OBI-WAN: It may take some time . . . we do not have many ships to spare. 

MACE: We cannot take ships from the front line. 

OBI-WAN: And yet, it would be fatal for us to allow the droid armies to regroup. 

YODA: Master Kenobi, our spies contact, you must, and then wait. 

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: What about the droid attack on the Wookiees? 

MACE: It is critical we send an attack group there, immediately! 

OBI-WAN: He's right, that is a system we cannot afford to lose. It's the main navigation route for the southwestern quadrant. 

ANAKIN: I know that system well. It would take us little time to drive the droids off that planet. 

MACE: Skywalker, your assignment is here with the Chancellor, and Kenobi must find General Grievous. 

YODA: Go, I will. Good relations with the Wookiees, I have. 

MACE: It is settled then. Yoda will take a battalion of clones to reinforce the Wookiees on Kashyyyk. May the Force be with us all. 

ANAKIN is disappointed. 

84 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-MASSIVE MAIN HALLWAY AND ALCOVE-LATE AFTERNOON 

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN walk through one of the massive Jedi Temple hallways. ANAKIN is furious. 

ANAKIN: What kind of nonsense is this, put me on the Council and not make me a Master!?? That's never been done in the history of the Jedi. It's insulting! 

OBI-WAN: Calm down, Anakin. You have been given a great honor. To be on the Council at your age . . . It's never happened before. Listen to me, Anakin. The fact of the matter is you're too close to the Chancellor. The Council doesn't like it when he interferes in Jedi affairs. 

ANAKIN: I swear to you, I didn't ask to be put on the Council . . . 

OBI-WAN: But it's what you wanted! Your friendship with Chancellor Palpatine seems to have paid off. 

ANAKIN: That has nothing to do with this. 

OBI-WAN: Anakin, regardless of how it happened, you find yourself in a delicate situation. 

ANAKIN: You mean divided loyalties. 

OBI-WAN: I warned you there was tension between the Council and the Chancellor. I was very clear. Why didn't you listen? You walked right into it. 

ANAKIN: The Council is upset I'm the youngest to ever serve. 

OBI-WAN: No, it is not. Anakin, I worry when you speak of jealousy and pride. Those are not Jedi thoughts. They're dangerous, dark thoughts. 

ANAKIN: Master, you of all people should have confidence in my abilities. I know where my loyalties lie. 

OBI-WAN: I hope so . . . 

ANAKIN: I sense there's more to this talk than you're saying. 

OBI-WAN: Anakin, the only reason the Council has approved your appointment is because the Chancellor trusts you. 

ANAKIN: And? 

OBI-WAN: Anakin, look, I am on your side. I didn't want to see you put in this situation. 

ANAKIN: What situation? 

OBI-WAN: (takes a deep breath) The Council wants you to report on all of the Chancellor's dealings. They want to know what he's up to. 

ANAKIN: They want me to spy on the Chancellor? That's treason! 

OBI-WAN: We are at war, Anakin. The Jedi Council is sworn to uphold the principles of the Republic, even if the Chancellor does not. 

ANAKIN: Why didn't the Council give me this assignment when we were in session? 

OBI-WAN: This assignment is not to be on record. The Council asked me to approach you on this personally. 

ANAKIN: The Chancellor is not a bad man, Obi-Wan. He befriended me. He's watched out for me ever since I arrived here. 

OBI-WAN: That is why you must help us, Anakin. Our allegiance is to the Senate, not to its leader who has managed to stay in office long after his term has expired. 

ANAKIN: Master, the Senate demanded that he stay longer. 

OBI-WAN: Yes, but use your feelings, Anakin. Something is out of place. 

ANAKIN: You're asking me to do something against the Jedi Code. Against the Republic. Against a mentor . . . and a friend. That's what's out of place here. Why are you asking this of me? 

OBI-WAN: The Council is asking you. 

85 EXT. CORUSCANT-CLONE LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

A JEDI GUNSHIP heads for the huge Clone landing platform. 

86 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI GUNSHIP-DAY 

YODA, MACE, and OBI-WAN ride in the GUNSHIP as it heads for the Clone landing platform. Mace and Obi-Wan are sitting. 

OBI-WAN : Anakin did not take to his assignment with much enthusiasm. 

YODA: Too much under the sway of the Chancellor, he is. Much anger there is in him. Too much pride in his powers. 

MACE: It's very dangerous, putting them together. I don't think the boy can handle it. I don't trust him. 

OBI-WAN: He'll be all right. I trust him with my life. 

MACE:I wish I did. 

OBI-WAN: With all due respect, Master, is he not the Chosen One? Is he not to destroy the Sith and bring balance to the Force? 

MACE: So the prophecy says. 

YODA: A prophecy . . . that misread could have been. 

OBI-WAN: He will not let me down. He never has. 

YODA: I hope right you are. And now destroy the Droid armies on Kashyyyk, I will. May the Force be with you. 

The GUNSHIP lands and the ramp lowers. YODA exits the GUNSHIP. MACE and OBI-WAN stand and give him a brief bow then take off in the GUNSHIP. 

87 EXT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-VERANDA-SUNSET 

Padme's Speeder pulls up to the landing platform. CAPTAIN TYPHO escorts PADME onto the veranda, where TWO HANDMAIDENS (ELLE and MOTEE) are waiting. PADME turns to CAPTAIN TYPHO. 

PADME: Thank you, Captain. 

CAPTAIN TYPHO: Rest well. My Lady. 

CAPTAIN TYPHO gets back into the Speeder, and it disappears into the cityscape. The HANDMAIDENS, Motee and Elle, approach PADME as the SHADOW OF A FIGURE moves in the background. C-3PO is standing nearby. 

PADME: I'll be up in a while. 

MOTEE: Yes, my lady. 

C-3PO stands, confused, as the HANDMAIDENS turn and exit. 

C-3PO: Is there anything I might do for you, my lady? 

PADME: Yes, make sure all the security droids are working. Thank you, Threepio. 

The golden droid turns and exits. 

PADME stands and watches the sunset. The SHADOWY FIGURE moves toward her. She senses something. 

ANAKIN: Beautiful, isn't it? 

PADME jumps and turns around. 

PADME: You startled me. 

He sits next to her on the bench. 

ANAKIN: How are you feeling? 

PADME: He keeps kicking. 

ANAKIN: He?! Why do you think it's a boy? 

PADME: (laughs) My motherly intuition. 

She puts his hand on her belly. 

ANAKIN: Whoa! With a kick that strong, it's got to be a girl. 

They laugh. 

PADME: I heard about your appointment. Anakin. I'm so proud of you. 

ANAKIN: I may be on the Council, but . . . they refused to accept me as a Jedi Master. 

PADME: Patience. In time, they will recognize your skills. 

ANAKIN: They still treat me as if I were a Padawan learner. . . they fear my power, that's the problem. 

PADME: Anakin . . . 

ANAKIN: Sometimes, I wonder what's happening to the Jedi Order . . . I think this war is destroying the principles of the Republic. 

PADME: Have you ever considered that we may be on the wrong side? 

ANAKIN: (suspicious) What do you mean? 

PADME: What if the democracy we thought we were serving no longer exists, and the Republic has become the very evil we have been fighting to destroy? 

ANAKIN: I don't believe that. And you're sounding like a Separatist! 

PADME: Anakin, this war represents a failure to listen . . . Now, you're closer to the Chancellor than anyone. Please, please ask him to stop the fighting and let diplomacy resume. 

ANAKIN: (growing angry) Don't ask me to do that, Padme. Make a motion in the Senate, where that kind of a request belongs. I'm not your errand boy. I'm not anyone's errand boy! 

PADME: What is it? 

ANAKIN: Nothing. 

PADME: Don't do this . . . don't shut me out. Let me help you. 

ANAKIN: You can't help me . . . I'm trying to help you. 

They look in each other's eyes. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) I sense . . . there are things you are not telling me. 

PADME is startled at this. 

PADME: I sense there are things you are not telling me. 

PADME smiles. ANAKIN is a little embarrassed. 

PADME: (continuing) Hold me . . . like you did by the lake on Naboo, so long ago . . . when there was nothing but our love ... No politics, no plotting ... no war. 

88 INT. CORUSCANT-GALAXIES OPERA HOUSE-NIGHT 

ANAKIN lands his speeder and exits. 
ANAKIN runs up the stairs at the Galaxies Opera House. 
ANAKIN runs through the hallway and enters Palpatine's box, where the CHANCELLOR is sitting with Mas Amedda and Sly-Moore, watching the Man Calamari Ballet doing "Squid Lake." 

ANAKIN: You wanted to see me, Chancellor. 

PALPATINE: Yes, Anakin! Come closer. I have good news. Our Clone Intelligence Units have discovered the location of General Grievous. He is hiding in the Utapau system. 

ANAKIN: At last, we'll be able to capture that monster and end this war. 

PALPATINE: I would worry about the collective wisdom of the Council if they didn't select you for this assignment. You are the best choice by far … but, they can't always be trusted to do the right thing. 

ANAKIN: They try. 

PALPATINE: Sit down, (to his aides) Leave us. 

ANAKIN sits next to PALPATINE. The Chancellor leans over to him. 

PALPATINE: (continuing) Anakin, you know I'm not able to rely on the Jedi Council. If they haven't included you in their plot, they soon will. 

ANAKIN: I'm not sure I understand. 

PALPATINE: You must sense what I have come to suspect . . . the Jedi Council want control of the Republic . . . they're planning to betray me. 

ANAKIN: I don't think . . . 

PALPATINE: Anakin, search your feelings. You know, don't you? 

ANAKIN: I know they don't trust you . . . 

PALPATINE: Or the Senate . . . or the Republic . . . or democracy for that matter. 

ANAKIN: I have to admit my trust in them has been shaken. 

PALPATINE: Why? They asked you to do something that made you feel dishonest, didn't they? 

ANAKIN doesn't say anything. He simply looks down. 

PALPATINE: (continuing) They asked you to spy on me, didn't they? 

ANAKIN: I don't know ... I don't know what to say. 

PALPATINE: Remember back to your early teachings. Anakin. "All those who gain power are afraid to lose it." Even the Jedi. 

ANAKIN: The Jedi use their power for good. 

PALPATINE: Good is a point of view, Anakin. And the Jedi point of view is not the only valid one. The Dark Lords of the Sith believe in security and justice also, yet they are considered by the Jedi to be. . . 

ANAKIN: . . . evil. 

PALPATINE: . . . from a Jedi's point of view. The Sith and the Jedi are similar in almost every way, including their quest for greater power. The difference between the two is the Sith are not afraid of the dark side of the Force. That is why they are more powerful. 

ANAKIN: The Sith rely on their passion for their strength. They think inward, only about themselves. 

PALPATINE: And the Jedi don't? 

ANAKIN: The Jedi are selfless . . . they only care about others. 

PALPATINE smiles. 

PALPATINE: Or so you've been trained to believe. Why is it, then, that they have asked you to do something you feel is wrong? 

ANAKIN: I'm not sure it's wrong. 

PALPATINE: Have they asked you to betray the Jedi code? The Constitution? A friendship? Your own values? Think. Consider their motives. Keep your mind clear of assumptions. The fear of losing power is a weakness of both the Jedi and the Sith. 

ANAKIN is deep in thought. 

PALPATINE: (continuing) Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis "the wise"? 

ANAKIN: No. 

PALPATINE: I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midi-chlorians to create life ... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. 

ANAKIN: He could actually save people from death? 

PALPATINE: The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. 

ANAKIN: What happened to him? 

PALPATINE: He became so powerful . . . the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. (smiles) Plagueis never saw it coming. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself. 

ANAKIN: Is it possible to learn this power? 

PALPATINE: Not from a Jedi. 

89 EXT. KASHYYYK-DAY 

A WOOKIEE CATAMARAN flanked by WOOKIEE HELICOPTERS approaches the tree housing the HOLOGRAM AREA. 

90 INT. KASHYYYK-HOLOGRAM AREA-DAY 

YODA and various JEDI speak via hologram. The discussion includes OBI-WAN, MACE, AGEN KOLAR, YODA- KI-ADI-MUNDI and PLO KOON. 

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: (holo) Palpatine thinks General Grievous is on Utapau. We have had no reports of this from our agents. 

MACE: (holo) How could the Chancellor have come by this information and we know nothing about it? We have had contact with Baron Papanoida and he said no one was there. 

ANAKIN: A partial message was intercepted in a diplomatic packet from the Chairman of Utapau. 

YODA: Act on this, we must. The capture of General Grievous will end this war. Quickly and decisively we should proceed. 

OBI-WAN: Does everyone agree? 

All the JEDI concur. 

ANAKIN: The Chancellor has requested that I lead the campaign. 

They all look at ANAKIN a bit disturbed. 

MACE: (a little peeved) The Council will make up its own mind who is to go, not the Chancellor. 

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: Yes, this decision is ours to make. 

ANAKIN is embarrassed and becomes sullen. 

YODA: A Master is needed, with more experience. 

MACE: Given our resources, I recommend we send only one Jedi . . . Master Kenobi. 

ANAKIN: He was not so successful the last time he met Grievous. 

OBI-WAN throws ANAKIN a dirty look. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) No offense, my Master, but I'm only stating a fact. 

OBI-WAN: Oh no, you're quite right, but I do have the most experience with his ways of combat. 

YODA: Obi-Wan, my choice is. 

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: I concur. Master Kenobi should go. 

YODA: I agree. 

All the JEDI concur. 

MACE: Very well. Council is adjourned. 

ANAKIN is angry. 

MACE: (continuing) Obi-Wan, prepare two clone brigades as quickly as you can. If this report is true, there's no telling how many battle droids he may have with him. 

91 INT. KASHYYYK-HOLOGRAM AREA-DAY 

YODA gets out of his chair and walks to the edge of the platform. 

CLONE COMMANDER GREE: The droids have started up their main power generators. 

YODA: Then now the time is, Commander. 

CLONE COMMANDER GREE: Yes, sir. 

The battle begins. 

92 EXT. KASHYYYK-BEACH HEAD-DAY 

A WOOKIEE CHIEFTAIN lets out a roar as the Wookiee army rushes to face the DROID ARMY. CORPORATE ALLIANCE TANK DROIDS race across the water against the WOOKIEES and CLONE TROOPERS on the beach. DROID GUNSHIPS provide air support, while a SPIDER DROID emerges from the watery depths. A brave WOOKIEE places an explosive on a SEPARATIST TANK and jumps off just before the TANK EXPLODES. From the Hologram Area, Yoda observes the ongoing battle. 

93 EXT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-EARLY MORNING 

Padme's apartment building is surrounded by the smog-shrouded city of Coruscant. 

94 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-LIVING ROOM-EARLY MORNING 

PADME and OBI-WAN sit on one of the couches. 

OBI-WAN: Has Anakin been to see you? 

PADME: Several times . . . I was so happy to hear he was accepted on the Jedi Council. 

OBI-WAN: I know ... he deserves it. He is impatient, strong willed, very opinionated, but truly gifted. 

They laugh. 

PADME: You're not just here to say hello. Something is wrong, isn't it? 

OBI-WAN: You should be a Jedi, Padme. 

PADME: You're not very good at hiding your feelings. 

OBI-WAN: It's Anakin . . . He's becoming moody and detached. He's been put in a difficult position as the Chancellor's representative . . . but I think it's more than that. I was hoping he may have talked to you. 

PADME: Why would he talk to me about his work? 

OBI-WAN studies her. 

OBI-WAN: Neither of you is very good at hiding your feelings either. 

PADME: Don't give me that look. 

OBI-WAN: I know how he feels about you. 

PADME: (nervous) What did he say? 

OBI-WAN: Nothing. He didn't have to. 

PADME is a little flustered. She stands and Obi-Wan follows. She walks to the balcony. 

PADME: I don't know what you're talking about. 

OBI-WAN: I know you both too well. I can see you two are in love. Padme, I'm worried about him. 

PADME looks down and doesn't answer. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) I fear your relationship has confused him. He's changed considerably since we returned . . . 

They stand on the balcony and look off at the early morning city. OBI-WAN starts to leave. PADME stays looking off into the distant city. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Padme, I'm not telling the Council about any of this. I ... I hope I didn't upset you. We're all friends, I care about both of you . . . 

PADME: Thank you, Obi-Wan. 

OBI-WAN: Please do what you can to help him. 

95 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-DAY 

PADME, MON MOTHMA, and five other Senators (BANA BREEMU, FANG ZAR. CHI EEKWAY, GIDDEAN DANU, BAIL ORGANA) sit in Padme's living room. C-3PO serves drinks to the guests. 

PADME: We cannot let this turn into another war. 

BAIL ORGANA: Absolutely, that is the last thing we want. 

MON MOTHMA: We are hoping to form an alliance in the Senate to stop the Chancellor from further subverting the constitution, that's all. 

PADME: I know a Jedi I feel it would be wise to consult. 

BANA BREEMU: That would be dangerous. 

MON MOTHMA: We don't know where the Jedi stand in all this. 

PADME: I only wish to discuss this with one . . . one I trust. 

GiDDEAN DANU: Going against the Chancellor without the support of the Jedi is risky. 

PADME: The Jedi aren't any happier with the situation than we are . . . 

CHI EEKWAY: Patience, Senator. 

FANG ZAR: We have so many Senators on our side, surely that will pursuade the Chancellor. 

BANA BREEMU: When you present the "petition of the two thousand" to the Chancellor, things may change. 

BAIL ORGANA: Let us see what we can accomplish in the Senate, before we include the Jedi. 

PADME takes a deep breath in frustration and disappointment. 

96 EXT. CORUSCANT-CLONE LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN walk onto a landing platform overlooking a docking bay where THOUSANDS OF CLONE TROOPS and armored weapons, tanks, etc., are being loaded onto a massive REPUBLIC ASSAULT SHIP. 

ANAKIN: You're going to need me on this one, Master. 

OBI-WAN: Oh, I agree. However it may turn out just to be a wild bantha chase. 

OBI-WAN starts to turn and leave. 

ANAKIN: Master! 

OBI-WAN stops and ANAKIN walks over to him. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) Master, I've disappointed you. I have not been very appreciative of your training . . . I have been arrogant and I apologize . . . I've just been so frustrated with the Council. Your friendship means everything to me. 

OBI-WAN: You are strong and wise, Anakin, and I am very proud of you. I have trained you since you were a small boy. I have taught you everything I know. And you have become a far greater Jedi than I could ever hope to be, and you have saved my life more times than I can remember. But be patient, Anakin. It won't be long before the Council makes you a Jedi Master. 

OBI-WAN starts down the ramp, then turns back. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Don't worry. I have enough clones with me to take three systems the size of Utapau. I think I'll be able to handle the situation . . . even without your help. 

ANAKIN: Well, there's always a first time. 

OBI-WAN laughs. 

They talk for a few more minutes before ANAKIN watches OBI-WAN depart. 

ANAKIN: Obi-Wan, may the Force be with you. 

OBI-WAN: Good-bye, old friend. May the Force be with you. 

OBI-WAN heads down a ramp toward the waiting Republic cruiser. 

97 EXT. CORUSCANT-CLONE LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

The Republic cruiser lifts off and heads for space. 

98 INT. REPUBLIC BATTLE CRUISER-HANGAR-SPACE 

CLONE TROOPERS stand at attention in rows on the floor of the hangar deck, waiting to board landing craft. OBI-WAN stands next to his BLUE JEDI FIGHTER- talking to SEVERAL CLONE COMMANDERS with their helmets off. A hologram of the planet Utapau is projected by R4-G9 into the middle of the hangar. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Fortunately, most of the cities are concentrated on this small continent here . . . on the far side. 

OBI-WAN: I'll keep them distracted until you get there. Just don't take too long. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Come on, boss, when have I ever let you down? 

They laugh. 

OBI-WAN: (laughing) Cato Nemoidia . . . for starters. 

OBI-WAN climbs into his Jedi Fighter. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: That was Anakin who was late. I believe. 

OBI-WAN: Very well, the burden is on me not to destroy all the droids before you get there. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: I'm counting on you. 

99 EXT. JEDI FIGHTER-SPACE 

OBI-WAN blasts the BLUE JEDI FIGHTER out of the Republic Battle Cruiser and into the hyperspace ring. He heads for the planet Utapau. 

100 EXT. CORUSCANT-CITYSCAPE-CHANCELLOR'S TRANSPORT-DAY 

The Chancellor's Transport races through the city and heads for the Senate Office Building landing platform. Waiting on the landing platform is a LONE JEDI. The Transport lands, and CHANCELLOR PALPATINE emerges with FOUR ROYAL GUARDS and MAS AMEDDA. The FOUR ROYAL GUARDS move off in another direction as PALPATINE greets ANAKIN, who has been waiting for him. 

PALPATINE: Well, Anakin, did you see your friend off? 

ANAKIN: He will soon have Grievous's head. 

PALPATINE: We can only hope the Council didn't make a mistake. 

ANAKIN: The Council was very sure in its decision. 

They exit the landing platform. 

101 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-MAIN HALLWAY-DAY 

They enter the main hallway of the Senate Office Building. They pass SEVERAL SENATORS, including REPRESENTATIVE JAR JAR BINKS from Naboo. 

JAR JAR: Helloo Annie. Good en to see yousa . . . 

The Gungan waves to Anakin. 

ANAKIN: Hi, Jar Jar. 

JAR JAR: Oopsin da Chancellor!! So sorry, Your Highness, sir. 

Anakin turns back to the Chancellor. 

PALPATINE: There are rumors in the Senate about Master Kenobi. Many believe he is not fit for this assignment. 

ANAKIN: Not fit? Why would anyone think that? 

PALPATINE: They say his mind has become fogged by the influence of a certain female Senator. 

ANAKIN: That's ridiculous. Who?!? 

PALPATINE: (slyly) No one knows who she is ... only that she is a Senator. 

ANAKIN: That's impossible. I would know. 

PALPATINE: Sometimes the closest are the ones who cannot see. 

ANAKIN becomes worried. 

PALPATINE: (continuing) Idle Senate gossip is rarely true and never accurate. I'm sure your Master will do fine. 

102 INT. POLIS MASSA-MEDICAL CENTER-DREAM 

PADME calls out in pain. OBI-WAN is near her and softly speaks to her. 

OBI-WAN: Save your energy. 

PADME: I can't! 

OBI-WAN: Don't give up, Padme. Don't give up . . . 

103 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-LANDING ROOM-DAY 

ANAKIN is in the living room, working. He sits on the couch where Obi-Wan was sitting. PADME enters and crosses behind him. 

ANAKIN: I sense someone familiar . . . Obi-Wan's been here, hasn't he? 

PADME: He came by this morning. 

ANAKIN: What did he want? 

PADME looks at him for a moment. ANAKIN seems tense. 

PADME: He's worried about you. 

ANAKIN: You told him about us, didn't you? 

She continues to walk to the bedroom, he follows. 

PADME: He's your best friend, Anakin. He says you're under a lot of stress. 

ANAKIN: And he's not? 

PADME: You have been moody lately. 

ANAKIN: I'm not moody . . . 

PADME: Anakin! Don't do this again. 

ANAKIN: I don't know ... I feel . . . lost. 

PADME: Lost? What do you mean? You're always so sure of yourself. I don't understand. 

ANAKIN: Obi-Wan and the Council don't trust me. 

PADME: They trust you with their lives. Obi-Wan loves you as a son. 

ANAKIN: Something's happening . . . I'm not the Jedi I should be. I am one of the most powerful Jedi, but I'm not satisfied ... I want more, and I know I shouldn't. 

PADME: You expect too much of yourself. 

They stop in front of the window in the bedroom. ANAKIN puts his hand on her belly. 

ANAKIN: I have found a way to save you. 

PADME: Save me? 

ANAKIN: From my nightmares. 

PADME: Is that what's bothering you? 

ANAKIN: I won't lose you, Padme. 

PADME: I'm not going to die in childbirth, Annie. I promise you. 

ANAKIN: No, I promise you! I am becoming so powerful with my new knowledge of the Force, I will be able to keep you from dying. 

PADME looks ANAKIN in the eye. 

PADME: You don't need more power, Anakin. I believe you can protect me against anything, just as you are. 

They embrace and kiss. 

104 EXT. UTAPAU-SPACE 

OBI-WAN blasts out of the BLUE JEDI FIGHTER's hyperspace ring and heads for the planet Utapau. The BLUE FIGHTER skims over the planet's surface, flat except for a few giant sinkholes. 

105 INT. UTAPAU-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

OBI-WAN lands his ship on a Platform projecting out of the side of a giant sinkhole. All is quiet. A local administrator, TION MEDON, comes out to greet the ship. OBI-WAN climbs out of his Fighter as a SHORT GROUND CREW looks over his ship. On a ledge above the landing platform, GRIEVOUS's BODYGUARDS watch as OBI-WAN talks to TION MEDON. 

TlON MEDON: Greetings, young Jedi. What brings you to our remote sanctuary? 

OBI-WAN: Unfortunately, the war. 

TlON MEDON: There is no war here unless you've brought it with you. 

OBI-WAN: With your kind permission, I should like some fuel and to use your city as a base as I search nearby systems for General Grievous. 

A GROUND CREW rushes out and refuels Obi-Wan’s Fighter. TION MEDON leans close to OBI-WAN and speaks quietly. 

TlON MEDON: He is here! We are being held hostage. They are watching us. 

OBI-WAN: I understand. 

TlON MEDON: The tenth level . . . thousands of Battle Droids . . . 

OBI-WAN: Tell your people to take shelter. If you have warriors, now is the time. 

OBI-WAN starts back toward his Starfighter as TION MEDON leaves the Landing Platform. GRIEVOUS's BODYGUARDS retreat from the overhead platform. OBI-WAN climbs back into his BLUE JEDI FIGHTER. His Astro Unit (R4-G9) turns to him: 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Geenine, take the Fighter back to the ship. I'm staying here. Tell Cody I've made contact. 

The little Astro Droid BEEPS a reply. 

106 EXT. UTAPAU-OBSERVATION DECK-DAY 

On a high balcony, TION MEDON looks down on the landing platform. A few steps behind him stands one of GENERAL GRIEVOUS's BODYGUARDS. They watch the canopy lower. 

TlON MEDON: I told you, all he wanted was fuel. 

BODYGUARD: What was his name? 

TlON MEDON: He didn't say. 

They watch as the BLUE JEDI FIGHTER takes off. 

107 INT. UTAPAU-LANDING PLATFORM-HALLWAY-DAY 

OBI-WAN also watches his ship take off. He is hiding in the hallway. He quietly moves farther into the city. 

108 EXT. UTAPAU STAIRWAY-SINKHOLE RIM-DAY 

OBI-WAN quickly rushes up a stairway cut into the side of the sinkhole. It's hard to see him. In an alcove, he carefully surveys the city, then quickly moves on. 

109 INT. UTAPAU-CITY-DRAGON CORRAL-DAY 

OBI-WAN makes his way through the city, looking up at the tenth level with electro-binoculars from his utility belt. He tries to figure out how he is going to get up there. He hears strange bellowing cries and he investigates. 
He comes across a corral filled with about half a dozen DRAGON-LIKE LIZARDS. SEVERAL WRANGLERS are standing around. 
OBI-WAN walks up to the WRANGLERS and uses the Force with his slight hand movements. 

OBI-WAN: I need transportation. 

WRANGLER: (subtitled, in native tongue) You need transportation. 

OBI-WAN: Get it for me. 

WRANGLER: (subtitled, in native tongue) I will get it for you. 

One of the WRANGLERS turns to the others and chatters away in his strange tongue. OBI-WAN walks along the line of DRAGON/LIZARDS, checking out each one. He looks at their teeth, legs, etc. Finally he pats one on the neck. 

OBI-WAN: This one. 

The WRANGLER brings the chosen one over to him. 

WRANGLER: Boga. She answers to Boga. 

OBI-WAN: Good girl, Boga. 

OBI-WAN swings onto the back of the LIZARD. The beast rears up and scurries outside to the edge of the sinkhole. 

110 EXT. UTAPAU-SINKHOLE WALL-LIZARD-DAY 

The LIZARD BOGA rears up on her hind legs again, then climbs the wall of the sheer cliff and starts moving up toward the tenth level. The city appears to be deserted. OBI-WAN is alert to any movement. 

111 INT. UTAPAU-CONFERENCE ROOM-GRAND CHAMBER-DAY 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS stands before the COUNCIL OF SEPARATISTS, including NUTE GUNRAY, RUNE HAAKO. POGGLE THE LESSER, SHU MAI, SAN HILL PO NUDO, WAT TAMBOR, and PASSEL ARGENTE. OBI-WAN hides above the assembly and watches intently. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: It won't be long before the armies of the Republic track us here. I am sending you to the Mustafar system in the Outer Rim. It is a volcanic planet which generates a great deal of scanning interference. You will be safe there. 

NUTE GUNRAY: Safe? Chancellor Palpatine managed to escape your grip, General, without Count Dooku. I have doubts about your ability to keep us safe. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Be thankful, Viceroy, you have not found yourself in my grip . . . Your ship is waiting. 

OBI-WAN is deep in thought. 

112 INT. UTAPAU-TENTH LEVEL-CONTROL CENTER-DAY 

The JEDI removes his cloak and jumps down behind the GENERAL. 

OBI-WAN: Hello, there! 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: General Kenobi, you are a bold one. I find your behavior bewildering . . . Surely you realize you're doomed, (to droids) Kill him! 

About a HUNDRED BATTLE DROIDS surround OBI-WAN, GENERAL GRIEVOUS, and his BODYGUARDS. OBI-WAN looks around, then walks right up to GENERAL GRIEVOUS. 
They stare at each other for a moment. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Enough of this. 

The BODYGUARDS raise their power staffs to knock OBI-WAN away, but OBI-WAN ducks as the deadly staffs whistle over his head. The Jedi's lightsaber ignites, and OBI-WAN deftly cuts one BODYGUARD in two. His staff flies into the air and is caught by GENERAL GRIEVOUS. The other THREE BODYGUARDS attack OBI-WAN with an intense fury. 
OBI-WAN uses the Force to release apiece of equipment from the ceiling. It drops on the BODYGUARDS, smashing them. OBI-WAN walks toward GRIEVOUS, slashing the last BODYGUARD to pieces. BATTLE DROIDS move toward OBI-WAN. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Back away. I will deal with this Jedi slime myself. 

OBI-WAN: Your move. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: You fool. I have been trained in your Jedi arts by Count Dooku himself. Attack, Kenobi. 

His arms separate and grab all four lightsabers on his belt. His four arms create a flashing display of swordsmanship. 

OBI-WAN: You forget I trained the Jedi that defeated Count Dooku! 

OBI-WAN is hard-pressed to defend himself against the deadly onslaught. They fight across the control room as the BATTLE DROID SHARPSHOOTERS try to pick off the Jedi. OBI-WAN mounts a ferocious counterattack and cuts off one of GRIEVOUS's hands. A loud EXPLOSION is heard echoing throughout the sinkhole. GENERAL GRIEVOUS and OBI-WAN glance to the entrance of the control center and see CLONE TROOPS in the distance, attacking DROIDS in the sinkhole. On the far wall of the sinkhole, CLONES can be seen rappelling onto balconies. 

OBI-WAN: I may not defeat your droids, but my troops certainly will. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Army or not, you must realize you are doomed. 

OBI-WAN: I don't think so. 

TWENTY CLONES suddenly rappel into the entrance of the control center, ray guns blazing. Chaos. Laser bolts fly everywhere as the DROIDS return fire. OBI-WAN attacks GENERAL GRIEVOUS, who defends himself rigorously with one of his bodyguard's electro-staffs. OBI-WAN uses the Force to hurl GENERAL GRIEVOUS backwards. He falls onto a lower platform and OBI-WAN jumps down after him. 

113 INT. UTAPAU-TENTH LEVEL-CONTROL CENTER-DAY 

More CLONES rappel into the control center and blast away at the remaining DROIDS. 
The JEDI cuts down several DROIDS as he races to the entrance of the control center. OBI-WAN spots GENERAL GRIEVOUS racing toward one of the landing platforms in the midst of the battle. GENERAL GRIEVOUS jumps onto a WHEEL SCOOTER and takes off down the wall of the sinkhole. OBI-WAN whistles for his LIZARD BOGA, who runs to him. OBI-WAN jumps on. 

114 EXT. UTAPAU-CLIFF AND LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

The chase begins. Obi-Wan drops his lightsaber while riding Boga. 

115 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-SUNSET 

The sun is setting as the lights come on in the massive Senate Office Building. The sky is red. 

116 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-SUNSET 

PALPATINE listens to a delegation from the Senate, which includes PADME and five other Senators: NEE ALAVAR, FANG ZAR, MALEDEE, SWEITT CONCORKILL, and MON CALAMARI. ANAKIN stands to one side of PALPATINE. 

PALPATINE: I understand your reservations completely, Senator, and I assure you the appointment of Governors will in no way compete with the duties of the Senate. 

PADME: May I take it then, that there will be no further amendments to the Constitution? 

PALPATINE: I want this terrible conflict to end as much as you do, My Lady, and when it does I guarantee an immediate return to democracy . . . 

PADME: You are pursuing a diplomatic solution to the war, then. 

PALPATINE: You must trust me to do the right things, Senator. That is why I am here. 

FANGZAR: But surely . . . 

The Chancellor turns on FANG ZAR. 

PALPATINE: I have said I will do what is right, that should be enough for your . . . committee. 

PADME: On behalf of the "delegation of two thousand," I thank you, Chancellor. 

PALPATINE: I thank you for bringing this to my attention, Senator. 

PADME gives ANAKIN a frustrated look, then turns and exits with the other FIVE SENATORS. PALPATINE turns to ANAKIN. 

PALPATINE: (continuing) Their sincerity is to be admired, although I sense there is more to their request than they are telling us. 

ANAKIN: What do you mean? 

PALPATINE: They are not to be trusted. 

ANAKIN: Surely Senator Amidala can be trusted . . . 

PALPATINE: These are unstable times for the Republic, Anakin. Some see instability as an opportunity. Senator Amidala is hiding something. I can see it in her eyes. 

ANAKIN: I'm sure you're mistaken. 

PALPATINE: I'm surprised your Jedi insights are not more sensitive to such things. 

ANAKIN: I simply don't sense betrayal in Senator Amidala. 

PALPATINE studies ANAKIN carefully and gives him a skeptical look. 

PALPATINE: Yes, you do, but you don't seem to want to admit it. There is much conflict in you, Anakin. 

117 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI WAR ROOM-EARLY EVENING 

KI-ADI-MUNDI, ANAKIN, YODA, MACE, CLONE COMMANDER CODY, and AAYLA SECURA talk via holograms. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Master Windu, may I interrupt? General Kenobi has made contact with General Grievous, and we 
have begun our attack. 

MACE WlNDU: Thank you, Commander. Anakin, deliver this report to the Chancellor. His reaction will give us a clue to his 
intentions. 

ANAKIN: Yes, Master. 

ANAKIN leaves the room. COMMANDER CODY's hologram disappears. 

MACE WINDU: I sense a plot to destroy the Jedi. The dark side of the Force surrounds the Chancellor. 

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: If he does not give up his emergency powers after the destruction of Grievous, then he should be removed from 
office. 

MACE WiNDU: That could be a dangerous move ... the Jedi Council would have to take control of the Senate in order to secure a peaceful transition . . . 

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: . . . and replace the Congress with Senators who are not filled with greed and corruption. 

YODA: To a dark place this line of thought will carry us. Hmmmmm. . . . great care we must take. 

118 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-EARLY EVENING 

ANAKIN brings news to PALPATINE. 

ANAKIN: Chancellor, we have just received a report from Master Kenobi. He has engaged General Grievous. 

PALPATINE: We can only hope that Master Kenobi is up to the challenge. 

ANAKIN: I should be there with him. 

PALPATINE: It is upsetting to me to see that the Council doesn't seem to fully appreciate your talents. Don't you wonder why they won't make you a Jedi Master? 

ANAKIN: I wish I knew. More and more I get the feeling that I am being excluded from the Council. I know there are things about the Force that they are not telling me. 

PALPATINE: They don't trust you, Anakin. They see your future. They know your power will be too strong to control. Anakin, you must break through the fog of lies the Jedi have created around you. Let me help you to know the subtleties of the Force. 

They walk into the hallway. 

ANAKIN: How do you know the ways of the Force? 

PALPATINE: My mentor taught me everything about the Force . . . even the nature of the dark side. 

They stop. 

ANAKIN: You know the dark side?!? 

PALPATINE: Anakin, if one is to understand the great mystery, one must study all its aspects, not just the dogmatic, narrow view of the Jedi. If you wish to become a complete and wise leader, you must embrace a larger view of the Force. Be careful of the Jedi, Anakin. (pausing) They fear you. In time they will destroy you. Let me train you. 

ANAKIN: I won't be a pawn in your political game. The Jedi are my family. 

PALPATINE: Only through me can you achieve a power greater than any Jedi. Learn to know the dark side of the Force, Anakin, and you will be able to save your wife from certain death. 

ANAKIN: What did you say? 

PALPATINE: Use my knowledge, I beg you . . . 

ANAKIN: You're a Sith Lord! 

ANAKIN ignites his lightsaber. 

PALPATINE: I know what has been troubling you . . . Listen to me. Don't continue to be a pawn of the Jedi Council! Ever since I've known you, you've been searching for a life greater than that of an ordinary Jedi . . . a life of significance, of conscience. 

ANAKIN: You're wrong! 

PALPATINE: Are you going to kill me? 

ANAKIN: I would certainly like to. 

PALPATINE: I know you would. I can feel your anger. It gives you focus, makes you stronger. 

ANAKIN raises his lightsaber to PALPATINE's throat. There is a tense moment, then ANAKIN relaxes, and then turns off his lightsaber. 

ANAKIN: I am going to turn you over to the Jedi Council. 

PALPATINE: Of course you should. But you're not sure of their intentions, are you? What if I am right and they are plotting to take over the Republic? 

ANAKIN: I will quickly discover the truth of all this. 

PALPATINE: You have great wisdom, Anakin. Know the power of the dark side. The power to save Padme. 

ANAKIN stares at him for a moment. 
PALPATINE turns and moves to his office. 

PALPATINE: (continuing) I am not going anywhere. You have time to decide my fate. Perhaps you'll reconsider and help me rule the galaxy for the good of all . . . 

PALPATINE sits behind his desk. 

119 EXT. UTAPAU-CLIFF AND LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

OBI-WAN gives the LIZARD a swift kick with the heel of his boot, and they take off down the vertical side of the sheer cliff. As GENERAL GRIEVOUS reaches the landing platform where his shuttle is waiting. OBI-WAN drops onto the top of the starship with his LIZARD. GENERAL GRIEVOUS spins his scooter around and takes off up the vertical cliff face with OBI-WAN and his LIZARD in hot pursuit. The sinkhole is engulfed in a great battle between CLONES and DROIDS. The PEOPLE OF UTAPAU cower in whatever shelter they can find. 

120 EXT. UTAPAU-MAIN CITY PLAZA-DAY 

A LARGE GROUP OF UTAPAUAN TROOPS on LIZARDS attack the DROID ARMY. 

OBI-WAN and GENERAL GRIEVOUS race through the city at breakneck speed. Passing through battle zones, narrowly escaping EXPLOSIONS, laser bolts, and TROOPS from both sides. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS lays the Scooter down as he goes around sharp turns. Obi-Wan's LIZARD breathes hard as she tries to keep up. They destroy droids, equipment, and clone troops as the JEDI and the GENERAL cut a swath of destruction through the city. 

121 EXT. UTAPAU-WINDMILLS-DAY 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS works his way out onto the rim of the sinkhole, passing some wind blades. The evil Droid General releases the brakes on the lethal blades, and they begin to spin, cutting off Obi-Wan's access to the General. Obi-Wan's LIZARD pulls up short in front of the blades. GENERAL GRIEVOUS laughs and talks into a comlink. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Prepare to move out of orbit. I will be up in a few moments. 

OBI-WAN sizes up the situation, looking for a way to get to GENERAL GRIEVOUS. 

The GENERAL accelerates off the edge, activating his claws, drops, and clings to another nearby grouping of windmills. Obi-Wan's LIZARD attempts to jump to follow and barely makes it, almost falling into the precipice below. 

122 INT. UTAPAU-CITY TUNNEL SYSTEM-DAY 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS roars through the stone block tunnel system, riding up on the curved walls as he goes around corners or passes oncoming traffic. OBI-WAN races after the Droid, his LIZARD moving onto the ceiling as they pass traffic. OBI-WAN catches up with GENERAL GRIEVOUS, and they charge through the tunnel, side by side. OBI-WAN grabs the Droid's electronic staff. 

123 EXT. UTAPAU-SECRET LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

Extending from the wall of a small sinkhole is a secret landing platform with a small Federation Fighter sitting in the middle of it. OBI-WAN and GENERAL GRIEVOUS race out of the tunnel system and onto the landing platform. 

OBI-WAN yanks on the staff, then jumps off his LIZARD onto the General's scooter, knocking both warriors to the ground. GENERAL GRIEVOUS pulls out a laser pistol and fires at OBI-WAN. The Jedi reaches out his hand, grabs the General's electro-staff and spins the staff, blocking the laser bolts. 

OBI-WAN charges GENERAL GRIEVOUS, swinging the staff and hitting the Droid in the stomach, knocking the gun away. GENERAL GRIEVOUS is hit by the staff, and the Force bends his forearm. He pulls OBI-WAN close to him, and they engage in a furious fight. The electro-staff is knocked away. The two engage in hand-to-hand combat. OBI-WAN struggles to avoid the deadly blows of the brutal, unstoppable Droid. 

GENERAL GRIEVOUS's stomachplate is loose. OBI-WAN grabs it and rips it off, revealing the alien life form's guts encased in a bag in the Droid's chest. GENERAL GRIEVOUS grabs OBI-WAN, hoists him over his head, and tosses him across the platform. OBI-WAN dangles off the edge of the platform. He clutches the rim, trying to hold on. The DROID then grabs the staff and charges OBI-WAN. At the last second, OBI-WAN reaches out his hand and uses the Force to retrieve the Droid's laser pistol. 

The JEDI fires several blasts in the stomach area of the alien Droid, and he EXPLODES from the inside out. The smoldering Droid falls to the ground. OBI-WAN has killed GENERAL GRIEVOUS. He pulls himself up onto the platform and walks by the destroyed carcass. 

OBI-WAN: So uncivilized . . . 

OBI-WAN brushes himself off. He throws the pistol onto the platform, picks up the electro-staff, and jumps on BOGA. The trusty beast rears up and takes off into the tunnel system. 

124 INT. JEDI GUNSHIP-LANDING PLATFORM-EARLY EVENING 

MACE and the JEDI (AGEN KOLAR, KIT FISTO, AND SAESEE TIIN) are preparing to board a JEDI GUNSHIP to the CHANCELLOR's office. ANAKIN enters the hangar. 

ANAKIN: Master Windu, I must talk to you. 

MACE WiNDU: What is it, Skywalker? We are in a hurry. We have just received word that Obi-Wan has destroyed General Grievous. We are on our way to make sure the Chancellor returns emergency powers back to the Senate. 

ANAKIN: He won't give up his power. I've just learned a terrible truth. I think Chancellor Palpatine is a Sith Lord. 

MACE WINDU: A Sith Lord? 

ANAKIN: Yes. The one we have been looking for. 

MACE WiNDU: How do you know this? 

ANAKIN: He knows the ways of the Force. He has been trained to use the dark side. 

MACE WiNDU: Are you sure? 

ANAKIN: Absolutely. 

MACE WiNDU: Then our worst fears have been realized. We must move quickly if the Jedi Order is to survive. 

ANAKIN: Master, the Chancellor is very powerful. You will need my help if you are going to arrest him. 

MACE WiNDU: For your own good, stay out of this affair. I sense a great deal of confusion in you, young Skywalker. There is much fear that clouds your judgment. 

ANAKIN: I must go, Master. 

MACE WiNDU: No. If what you told me is true, you will have gained my trust, but for now remain here. 

ANAKIN: Yes, Master. 

MACE WiNDU: Wait for us in the Council Chamber until we return. 

ANAKIN: Yes, Master. 

ANAKIN watches as the JEDI leave in their ship. 

125 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI COUNCIL/PADME'S APARTMENT-EARLY EVENING 

(INTERCUT) 

PADME is alone in her apartment, thinking of Anakin. ANAKIN sits alone in the Jedi Council Chamber thinking of PADME. 

PALPATINE: (V.O.) You do know, don't you, if the Jedi destroy me, any chance of saving her will be lost. 

PADME: I truly, deeply love you. Before I die. I want you to know. 

C-3PO: My Lady, are you. . . . Are you all right? 

ANAKIN: I can't do this ... I can't let her die. 

ANAKIN rushes out of the Council Chamber and to his speeder. The hangar door opens and he lifts off. 

126 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-LANDING PLATFORM-EARLY EVENING 

The sky is still blue as a JEDI GUNSHIP lands on the Senate Office Building landing platform. 
FOUR JEDI exit the SHUTTLE and enter the Senate Office Building. MACE WINDU, AGEN KOLAR, KIT FISTO, and SAESEE TIIN, like gunfighters out of the Old West, walk through the massive hallway, four across. 

127 INT. CORUSCANT-LOBBY TO CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-EARLY EVENING 

The FOUR JEDI enter the lobby, raising their arms, and send the Chancellor's aide, DAR WAC, flying against the wall, along with TWO REPUBLIC GUARDS. They storm into the Chancellor's office. 

128 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE-EARLY EVENING 

MACE arrives with THREE JEDI to arrest PALPATINE. 

PALPATINE: Master Windu. I take it General Grievous has been destroyed then. I must say, you're here sooner than expected. 

MACE WINDU: In the name of the Galactic Senate of the Republic, you are under arrest, Chancellor. 

MACE WINDU and the other JEDI ignite their lightsabers. 

PALPATINE: Are you threatening me, Master Jedi? 

MACE: The Senate will decide your fate. 

PALPATINE: (burst of anger) I am the Senate! 

MACE: Not yet! 

PALPATINE stands, a laser sword appears out of his cloak sleeve, and he spins toward the JEDI. 

PALPATINE: It's treason, then. 

A close shot of PALPATINE as the fight begins. Close shots of THREE JEDI getting cut down by PALPATINE. PALPATINE and MACE continue to fight. 

Jedi Master MACE WINDU and the Sith Lord fight their way down the hallway and into the main office area. PALPATINE is able to use the Force to slam MACE against the wall, but he recovers before the Chancellor can cut him down. 

ANAKIN lands his speeder, jumps out, and runs down a long corridor toward the Chancellor's office. 

In the heat of battle, MACE cuts the window behind the Chancellor's desk, and it crashes away. MACE is forced out onto the ledge, which is twenty stories up. They fight over the precipice. ANAKIN arrives to see PALPATINE and MACE fighting. 

They stop as MACE forces PALPATINE to drop his sword. PALPATINE and MACE start yelling at each other. 

MACE WINDU: You are under arrest, My Lord. 

PALPATINE: Anakin! I told you it would come to this. I was right. The Jedi are taking over. 

MACE WlNDU: You old fool. The oppression of the Sith will never return. Your plot to regain control of the Republic is over . . . you have lost . . . 

PALPATINE: No! No! You will die! 

PALPATINE raises his hands, and lightning bolts shoot out. They are blocked by MACE's lightsaber. PALPATINE is pushed back against the window sill. 

PALPATINE: He is a traitor, Anakin. 

MACE WlNDU: He's the traitor. Stop him! 

PALPATINE: Come to your senses, boy. The Jedi are in revolt. They will betray you, just as they betrayed me. 

MACE WlNDU: Aarrrrggghhhhh . . . 

PALPATINE: You are not one of them, Anakin. Don't let him kill me. 

MACE WlNDU: Aarrrrggghhhhh . . . 

PALPATINE: I am your pathway to power. I have the power to save the one you love. You must choose. You must stop him. 

MACE WlNDU: Don't listen to him, Anakin. 

PALPATINE: Help me! Don't let him kill me. I can't hold on any longer. Ahhhhhhh . . . ahhhhhhh . . . ahhhhhhh . . . 

MACE pushes PALPATINE out to the edge of the ledge. As the Jedi moves closer, the bolts from Palpatine's hands begin to arch back on him. The Chancellor's face begins to twist and distort. His eyes become yellow as he struggles to intensify his powers. 

PALPATINE: I can't ... I give up. Help me. I am weak ... I am too weak. Don't kill me. I give up. I'm dying. I can't hold on any longer. 

MACE WlNDU: You Sith disease. I am going to end this once and for all. 

ANAKIN: You can't kill him, Master. He must stand trial. 

MACE WlNDU: He has too much control of the Senate and the Courts. He is too dangerous to be kept alive. 

PALPATINE: I'm too weak. Don't kill me. Please. 

ANAKIN: It is not the Jedi way . . . 

MACE raises his sword to kill the CHANCELLOR. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) He must live . . . 

PALPATINE: Please don't, please don't . . . 

ANAKIN: I need him . . . 

PALPATINE: Please don't . . . 

ANAKIN: NO!!! 

Just as MACE is about to slash PALPATINE, ANAKIN steps in and cuts off the Jedi's hand holding the lightsaber. 

As MACE stares at ANAKIN in shock, PALPATINE springs to life. 
The full force of Palpatine's powerful Bolts blasts MACE. He attempts to deflect them with his one good hand, but the force is too great. As blue rays engulf his body, he is flung out the window and falls twenty stories to his death. No more screams. No more moans. PALPATINE lowers his arm. 

PALPATINE: Power! Unlimited power! 

His face has changed into a horrible mask of evil. ANAKIN looks on in horror. PALPATINE cackles. 

ANAKIN: What have I done? 

ANAKIN sits. 

PALPATINE: You are fulfilling your destin, Anakin. Become my apprentice. Learn to use the dark side of the Force. 

ANAKIN: I will do whatever you ask. 

PALPATINE: Good. 

ANAKIN: Just help me save Padme's life. I can't live without her. I won't let her die. I want the power to stop death. 

PALPATINE: To cheat death is a power only one has achieved, but if we work together, I know we can discover the secret. 

ANAKIN kneels before PALPATINE. 

ANAKIN: I pledge myself to your teachings. To the ways of the Sith. 

PALPATINE: Good. Good. The Force is strong with you. A powerful Sith you will become. Henceforth, you shall be known as Darth . . . Vader. 

ANAKIN: Thank you. my Master. 

PALPATINE: Rise, Darth Vader. 

Palpatine moves over to his desk. 

129 EXT. KASHYYYK-MEETING HALL-DAY 

YODA winces, closes his eyes, and holds his head. He feels a disturbance in the Force. 

130 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-EVENING 

PALPATINE is putting on his dark cloak: he is now fully DARTH SIDIOUS. 

PALPATINE: Because the Council did not trust you, my young apprentice, I believe you are the only Jedi with no knowledge of this plot. When the Jedi learn what has transpired here, they will kill us, along with all the Senators. 

ANAKIN: I agree. The Jedi's next move will be against the Senate. 

PALPATINE: Every single Jedi, including your friend Obi-Wan Kenobi, is now an enemy of the Republic. You understand that, don't you? 

ANAKIN: I understand, Master. 

PALPATINE: We must move quickly. The Jedi are relentless; if they are not all destroyed, it will be civil war without end. First, I want you to go to the Jedi Temple. We will catch them off balance. Do what must be done, Lord Vader. Do not hesitate. Show no mercy. Only then will you be strong enough with the dark side to save Padme. 

ANAKIN: What about the other Jedi spread across the galaxy? 

PALPATINE: Their betrayal will be dealt with. After you have killed all the Jedi in the Temple, go to the Mustafar system. Wipe out Viceroy Gunray and the other Separatist leaders. Once more, the Sith will rule the galaxy, and we shall have peace. 

131 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE ENTRY-NIGHT 

ANAKIN goes to the Jedi Temple with a battalion of Clone Troopers. 

132 EXT. UTAPAU-TENTH LEVEL-LANDIXG PLATFORM-DAY 

The battle between the CLONES and the DROIDS rages throughout the sinkhole. OBI-WAN rides up to CLONE COMMANDER CODY. 

OBI-WAN: Commander, contact your troops. Tell them to move to the higher levels. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Very good, sir. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY starts to move away, then remembers something and returns to OBI-WAN. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: (continuing) Oh, by the way, I think you'll be needing this. 

He hands OBI-WAN his lightsaber, and the LIZARD rears up. 

OBI-WAN: Thank you, Cody, (smiling) Now let's get a move on. We've got a battle to win here. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Yes, sir! 

OBI-WAN and the LIZARD ride off down the wall of the giant sinkhole. 
The battle rages throughout the city. CLONE COMMANDER CODY (2224,) takes out his comlink and listens to the HOLOGRAM OF DARTH SIDIOUS as, far below, OBI-WAN can been seen battling DROIDS on a landing platform. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: Commander Cody, the time has come. Execute Order Sixty-Six. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: It will be done, My Lord. 

The HOLOGRAM disappears, and CLONE COMMANDER CODY gestures to a nearby Clone Trooper. 

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Blast him! 

The battle rages all around OBI-WAN. DROIDS and CLONES are everywhere. OBI-WAN is riding on a LIZARD, cutting down DROIDS as he races across the battlefield. Suddenly a volley of laser blasts from behind him knocks him and his LIZARD off the wall of the sinkhole. He looks around just in time to see his CLONE TROOPS are firing on him. 
OBI-WAN falls hundreds of feet to the bottom of the water-filled sinkhole. 

133 EXT. MYGEETO-DAWN 

The sky slowly awakens on the crystal world of Mygeeto. A battle rages. Clone troops battle the droid armies across a long bridge. KI-ADI-MUNDi uses his light saber to deflect enemy fire. CLONE COMMANDER BACARA (1138) exits a Gunship near the entrance to the city. He rallies his TROOPS to attack the city, then gets a message on his comlink. He stops and moves to one side as a HOLOGRAM OF DARTH SIDIOUS appears on the comlink in the palm of his hand. He moves further into the shadows. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: Commander 1138 . . . 

CLONE COMMANDER BACARA: Yes, sir. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: The time has come. Execute Order Sixty-Six. 

CLONE COMMANDER BACARA: It will be done, My Lord. 

DARTH SIDIOUS fades, and the CLONE COMMANDER snaps the comlink closed and looks to the main plaza of the city, where KI-ADI-MUNDI is leading the charge. The clones stop. KI-ADI-MUNDI turns around and is blasted by clone fire. He's killed before he can defend himself. 

134 EXT. FELUCIA-FOREST-DAY 

A column of CLONE WALKERS marches across the forest floor. The STRANGE CALLS of the alien forest creatures of FELUCIA suddenly stop. The Jedi AAYLA SECURA and her CLONE TROOPS brace for an ambush. 

AAYLA: Steady. . . . steady . . . 

They all look around for signs of the enemy. CLONE COMMANDER BLY moves up behind the Jedi. 

AAYLA: (continuing) Bly, do you think they're Droids? 

BLY: No. 

BLY blasts AAYLA in the back. The OTHER CLONES fire on her as she hits the ground. 

Another Jedi, BARRISS OFFEE, is cutting down a patrol of DROIDS when a CLONE WALKING TANK and SEVEN CLONE TROOPERS round a corner and blast the Jedi away. 

135 EXT. KASHYYYK-MEETING HALL-DAY 

YODA drops his gimer stick, clutches his chest, and rests against a wall. 

136 EXT. KASHYYYK-EDGE OF VILIAGE-DAY 

The battle appears to be over. WOOKIEES stack destroyed Droids while CLONES assess the damage to their equipment. A Jedi, LUMINARA UNDULI, talks with EIGHT CLONE OFFICERS standing in a circle around her. Suddenly they reveal their hidden pistols and blast her before she can react. 

The Jedi QUINLAN VOS is riding on top of a CLONE TURBO TANK. The main cannon of a second tank slowly swings to point right at him and a COUPLE OF CLONES. 
The cannon fires, and QUINLAN VOS and the CLONES disappear in a huge EXPLOSION. 

137 INT. CATO NEIMOIDIA-COCKPIT CLONE FIGHTER-DAY 

The CLONE PILOT watches a hologram of DARTH SIDIOUS. 

DARTH SIDIOUS: Execute Order Sixty-Six. 

CLONE PILOT: It will be done, My Lord. 

138 INT. CATO NEIMOIDIA-JEDI STARFIGHTER-DAY 

PLO KOON heads his ship toward a battle on a landing platform. 

PLO KOON: There they are. Land on the nearest platform. 

139 EXT. CATO XEIMOIDIA-JEDI STARFIGHTER-DAY 

The FOUR CLONE PILOTS with PLO KOON drop back and blast him out of the sky. 

140 EXT. SALEUCAMI-FOREST 

Three Speeder Bikes race through the forest. A Jedi, STASS ALLIE is in the lead. The TWO CLONES following her drop back and blast her, causing her to crash in a huge EXPLOSION. 

141 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-NIGHT 

DARTH SIDIOUS stands alone in his private office, illuminated only from a hologram projector beam from above. A small HOLOGRAM OF COMMANDER GREE stands in front of him. 

CLONE COMMANDER GREE: Yes, My Lord. 

DABTH SIDIOUS: The time has come. Execute Order Sixty-Six. 

142 EXT. KASHYYYK-MEETING HALL BALCONY-DAY 

A vista of waterways, high green mesas, and giant tree cities serves as a backdrop for the fierce battle, CLONES AND WOOKIEES against TRADE FEDERATION DROID ARMIES, with treaded tank-like vehicles. CLONE COMMANDER GREE holds his comlink. 

CLONE COMMANDER GREE: It will be done, My Lord. 

CLONE COMMANDER GREE snaps his comlink shut. 

YODA watches from the balcony. The battle rages as CLONES and WOOKIEES attack DROIDS coming across the water on CORPORATE ALLIANCE TANK DROIDS. CHEWBACCA and TARFFUL stand on either side of the Jedi Master as he watches the battle below. CLONE COMMANDER GREE and ONE OFFICER walk onto the balcony toward YODA. YODA stands looking over the battlefield below. When they are close enough, the CLONES reveal their weapons and fire. 

But faster than the CLONES can reveal their weapons, YODA ignites his lightsaber, leaps in the air, and beheads both CLONES. CHEWBACCA and TARFFUL fire their weapons as more CLONES enter the hall. The Wookiees call out to YODA to follow them. CHEWBACCA picks YODA up and carries him away. 

143 EXT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-NIGHT 

A JEDI is surrounded and gunned down by CLONE TROOPERS. 

144 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-NIGHT 

ANAKIN walks through the Jedi Temple, where he finds and kills SHAAK TI. 
He exits Shaak Ti's room and enters a hallway, where the battle is taking place. 

145 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-BATTLE-NIGHT 

ANAKIN enters a room full of YOUNGLINGS huddled in a corner. 

YOUNGLINGS: Master Skywalker, there are too many of them. What are we going to do? 

ANAKIN looks back at them with a stern expression on his face and ignites his lightsaber. 

146 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-PRE-DAWN 

C-3PO and PADME look out the apartment window. 

C-3PO: The Chancellor's office indicated Master Anakin returned to the Jedi Temple. Don't worry, My Lady. I am sure he will be all right. 

PADME bursts into tears. 

147 EXT. CORUSCANT-CITYSCAPE-PRE-DAWN 

The city planet is covered in a hazy glow. A column of black smoke can be seen rising in the distance. BAIL ORGANA's Speeder flies overhead, straight toward the smoke. 

148 EXT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-LANDING PLATFORM-PRE-DAWN 

The Jedi Temple is on fire. Large plumes of smoke billow toward the sky as BAIL ORGANA lands his Speeder on a Jedi Temple platform. FOUR CLONE TROOPERS stand guard at the entrance to the Temple. They lower their guns as BAIL gets out of his Speeder and walks toward them. 

BAIL ORGANA: What's going on here?!? 

CLONE SERGEANT: There's been a rebellion. Don't worry, sir, the situation is under control. 

The CLONES bar the Senator from entering the Temple. 

CLONE SERGEANT: (continuing) I'm sorry, sir. No one is allowed entry. 

The CLONES point their guns at BAIL and cock them. 

CLONE SERGEANT: (continuing) It's time for you to leave, sir. 

BAIL ORGANA: And so it is. 

BAIL reluctantly heads hack toward his Speeder. Suddenly, several SHOTS RING OUT. BAIL turns and sees a ten-year-old Jedi, ZETT JUKASSA, fighting the CLONES. Several more CLONES join in the fight, followed by CLONE COMMANDER APPO (1119), who points at BAIL. 

CLONE COMMANDER APPO: Get him! Shoot him! 

SEVERAL CLONES start firing at BAIL. The Senator jumps for cover behind his Speeder, starting the engines and pulling out his laser 
pistol. 

The YOUNG JEDI cuts down several CLONES, including APPO, before he is overrun and shot. 

The Speeder takes off with BAIL clinging to the side. The CLONES fire at it as it disappears into the cityscape. 

149 EXT. CORUSCANT-CITYSCAPE-PRE-DAWN 

BAIL ORGANA struggles to pull himself into the Speeder as it races along through the cityscape. Finally, he climbs in, just as the Speeder is about to hit a building. BAIL steers clear of the building and races away. 

150 EXT. UTAPAU-UNDERWATER SINKHOLE-DAY 

The Jedi dives below the surface amid a barrage of laser fire. He dives deeper under the water, fumbling in his utility belt for a breathing device. He finds it and puts it in his mouth. He swims underwater until the CLONE TROOPS give up and stop filing. 

151 EXT. UTAPAU-UNDERWATER CAVES-DAY 

OBI-WAN removes the breathing apparatus after coming up from underwater. He starts to climb the rock wall. 

OBI-WAN climbs the wall to the second cave just as TWO LITTLE SEEKER DRONES pop out of the water with their searchlights glowing. OBI-WAN presses himself against the wall of the smaller cave as the TWO SEEKER DRONES search the grotto. One of the SEEKERS begins to enter the cave in which OBI-WAN is hiding. OBI-WAN presses further into the wall. The light shines on the opposite wall and moves to the back of the cave, illuminating a huge NOS MONSTER. OBI-WAN holds his breath. The SEEKER is confused for a moment, then the NOS MONSTER lunges at the SMALL DROID and consumes it in one bite. 

The NOS MONSTER'S lunge takes him past OBI-WAN, out of the cave, and into the water. 

The SECOND SEEKER shines its light on the NOS MONSTER as the evil creature tries to grab the LITTLE DRONE. OBI-WAN slinks off toward the back of the cave. He comes upon a nest of BABY NOS MONSTERS. They SCREECH and make horrible sounds. OBI-WAN jumps over them and continues on his way through the tunnel system. 

152 EXT. KASHYYYK-LAKE ON VILLAGE EDGE-DUSK 

CLONES in modified one-man AT-ST's and Swamp Speeders flash their searchlights across the gloomy lake. The light of one of the AT-ST's spots something floating in the water. It is what's left of a Wookiee catamaran. The body of a dead Wookiee (TARFFUL) is lying across the stern of the wreckage of the flying boat. There is some movement on the boat. The CLONE SERGEANT on the AT-ST fires a warning shot past the boat. 

AT-ST CLONE SERGEANT: Everyone out of there! 

A CRAZY LITTLE CREATURE about two feet high pops its head over the rail. The creature is covered with mud. His long hair is frizzed out in all directions. 

CREATURE: Wookiee good . . . eat Wookiee. (crazy little laugh) 

CLONE SERGEANT: Did you find something? 

CREATURE: It's nothing, nothing. (laughs) 

CLONE SERGEANT: It's nothing, nothing. All these Wookiees are dead. Move to the east. 

CLONE TROOPER: Yes, sir. 

Suddenly, CHEWBACCA climbs up behind the AT-ST CLONE, dripping wet, and throws the CLONE SERGEANT into the water. CHEWIE BARKS. 

CREATURE: Right you are, Chewbacca. Faster that will be. 

TARFFUL jumps up in the boat, and the CREATURE takes off his hair. It is Yoda. 

YODA: Stink, this mud does. A moment to bathe, give me. 

YODA, covered with mud, jumps into the water. TARFFUL climbs onto the AT-ST with CHEWBACCA. YODA is out of the water and putting his robes back on. 

YODA: (continuing) Not far, are we, from the emergency ship. Quickly . . . 

YODA whistles and a large ALIEN FLYING INSECT called CAN-CELL appears. YODA jumps on the insect's back and they take off. The WOOKIEES follow on the AT-ST. The CLONES continue to search the swamp. 

153 EXT. KASHYYYK-HILLS OVERLOOKING LAKE-DUSK 

The AT-ST marches up the hill and stops. The WOOKIEES jump down. YODA lands on CAN-CELL nearby. CHEWBACCA goes to a tree and pulls down one of its branches. 
The ground opens up, and a small WOOKIEE ESCAPE POD rises into the field. YODA opens the door of the pod. 

YODA: Good-bye. Chewbacca and Tarfful, miss you I will. Good friends you are. For your help, much gratitude and respect, I have. 

The Wookiees BARK as the Jedi climbs into the WOOKIEE POD and takes off into the dusk sky. 

154 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-UNDERGROUND STARSHIP LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

BAIL ORGANA walks out of a tunnel onto a huge underground platform with two of his AIDES. He is stopped by TWO ROYAL GUARDS. 

ROYAL GUARD: Identification . . . 

BAIL ORGANA: Senator Bail Organa of Alderaan. 

BAIL and his AIDES hand them their ID cards. The ROYAL GUARDS check them over and give them back, then BAIL and his CREW walk on board his Starship. 

155 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-UNDERGROUND LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

The platform rises to the surface of the Office Building. The ALDERAAN STARCRUISER takes off and disappears into the crisp morning sky. 

156 INT ALDERAAN-STARCRUISER-HALLWAY-DAY 

BAIL ORGANA is greeted by CAPTAIN ANTILLES and TWO ALDERAAN TROOPERS. 

BAIL ORGANA: Were you able to get hold of a Jedi homing beacon? 

CAPTAIN ANTILLES: Yes, sir. We've encountered no opposition. The clones are still a bit confused. It appears no one is in command. 

BAIL ORGANA: That will change soon. Hopefully we will be able to intercept a few Jedi before they walk into this catastrophe. 

157 EXT. UTAPAU-SINKHOLE WALL-LATE DAY 

OBI-WAN hides from a group of CLONE TROOPERS. 

CLONE CAPTAIN: Did you find Kenobi? 

CLONE TROOPER: No one could have survived that fall. 

He watches them pass. 

CLONE CAPTAIN: Start loading your men on the ship. 

CLONE TROOPER: Yes, sir. 

OBI-WAN tries to sneak back to the secret platform, down a flight of stairs. 

158 EXT. UTAPAU-SECRET LANDING PLATFORM-LATE DAY 

OBI-WAN makes his way out of the cave and onto General Grievous's secret landing platform. He runs to the Starfighter and climbs into the one-man ship. The Starfighter takes off and disappears into the sky. 

159 EXT. UTAPAU-SPACE 

OBI-WAN flies away from the planet Utapau in General Grievous's tiny Starfighter. 

160 INT. GENERAL GRIEVOUS'S STARFIGHTER-SPACE 

OBI-WAN activates the controls on the Starfighter. He punches in several coordinates and codes. A BEEPING SOUND is heard. It quickly speeds up until it is a steady tone. OBI-WAN speaks into his comlink. 

OBI-WAN: Emergency Code Nine Thirteen ... I have no contact on any frequency. Are there any Jedi out there? . . . anywhere . . . 

A BURST OF STATIC is heard- and a FUZZY HOLOGRAM image appears. 

BAIL: (hologram) . . . Kenobi . . . 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) I've locked on. Repeat. 

The FUZZY HOLOGRAM image comes into focus, and it is BAIL ORGANA. 

BAIL ORGANA: Master Kenobi?? 

OBI-WAN: Senator Organa! My Clone Troops turned on me ... I need help. 

BAIL ORGANA: We have just rescued Master Yoda. It appears this ambush has happened everywhere. We're sending you our coordinates. 

161 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME’SAPARTMENT-PRE-DAWN 

PADME stands before the window of her living room, watching the plume of smoke from the Jedi Temple. C-3PO enters from the bedroom. 

C-3PO: My Lady, there's a Jedi fighter docking on the veranda. 

PADME turns and rushes to the bedroom. 

162 EXT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-VERANDA-PRE-DAWN 

THREEPIO walks out to ANAKIN's ship and talks with ARTOO. ARTOO beeps. 

THREEPIO: Hush! Not so loud! 

PADME rushes onto the veranda as ANAKIN exits his GREEN JEDI FIGHTER. They embrace. 

PADME: Are you all right? I heard there was an attack on the Jedi Temple . . . you can see the smoke from here. 

ANAKIN: I'm fine. I'm fine. I came to see if you and the baby are safe. 

PADME: Captain Typho's here, we're safe. What's happening? 

C-3PO continues to talk to R2-D2 on the GREEN FIGHTER. 

C-3PO: What is going on? 

ARTOO SQUEAKS and BEEPS. 

C-3PO: (continuing) You can't be anymore confused than I am. 

ANAKIN: The situation is not good. The Jedi have tried to overthrow the Republic . . . 

PADME: I can't believe that! 

ANAKIN: I couldn't either at first, but it's true. I saw Master Windu attempt to assassinate the Chancellor myself. 

C-3PO leans over and whispers to ARTOO. 

C-3PO: Something important is going on! I heard a rumor they are going to banish all droids. 

ARTOO BEEPS rather loudly. C-3PO puts his fingers to his lips. 

C-3PO: (continuing) Shhhhhh . . . not so loud. 

ARTOO BEEPS quietly. 

C-3PO: (continuing) Whatever it is, we'll be the last to know. 

PADME: Anakin, what are you going to do? 

ANAKIN looks down for a moment and then walks away from Padme. 

ANAKIN: I will not betray the Republic . . . my loyalties lie with the Chancellor and with the Senate . . . and with you. 

ANAKIN turns and walks back to Padme. 

PADME: What about Obi-Wan? 

ANAKIN: I don't know . . . Many Jedi have been killed. We can only hope that he's remained loyal to the Chancellor. 

PADME: How could this have happened? 

ANAKIN: The Republic is unstable, Padme. The Jedi aren't the only ones trying to take advantage of the situation. There are also traitors in the Senate. 

PADME stands and reacts ever so slightly. 

PADME: What are you saying? 

ANAKIN: You need to distance yourself from your friends in the Senate. The Chancellor said they will be dealt with when this conflict is over. 

PADME: What if they start an inquisition? I've opposed this war. What will you do if I become a suspect? 

ANAKIN: That won't happen. I won't let it. 

PADME: Oh, Anakin, I'm afraid. 

ANAKIN takes PADME in his arms. 

ANAKIN: Have faith, my love. Everything will soon be set right. The Chancellor has given me a very important mission. The Separatists have gathered in the Mustafar system. I'm going there to end this war. Wait for me until I return . . . things will be different, I promise. 

They kiss. 

ANAKIN: (continuing) Please, wait for me. 

PADME: I will. 

ANAKIN gets into his Fighter as THREEPIO backs away. 

C-3PO: (to Artoo) Well, he is under a lot of stress, Artoo. 

ARTOO beeps. 

C-3PO: (continuing) Take care, my little friend. 

ARTOO BEEPS a good-bye, and the fighter takes off. PADME is left alone on the veranda. She starts to cry. THREEPIO comes up to her. 

C-3PO: (continuing) My Lady, is there anything I might do? 

PADME: No thank you, Threepio. 

G-3PO: A snack, perhaps? 

PADME: No. 

THREEPIO starts to move off. 

C-3PO: I feel so helpless. 

163 EXT. ALDERAAN-STARCRUISER-SPACE 

OBI-WAN's ship docks with Bail Organa's Starcruiser. 

164 INT. ALDERAAN-STARCRUISER-HALLWAY-DAY 

The door to the main hallway slides open. OBI-WAN enters and is greeted by YODA and BAIL ORGANA. The three walk down the hallway. 

BAIL ORGANA: You made it. 

YODA: Master Kenobi, dark times are these. Good to see you. it is. 

OBI-WAN: You were attacked by your Clones, also? 

YODA: With the help of the Wookiees, barely escape, I did. 

OBI-WAN: How many other Jedi managed to survive? 

YODA: Heard from no one, have we. 

BAIL ORGANA: I saw thousands of troops attack the Jedi Temple. That's why I went looking for Yoda. 

OBI-WAN: Have we had any contact from the Temple? 

YODA: Received a coded retreat message, we have. 

BAIL ORGANA: It requests all Jedi to return to the Temple. It says that the war is over . . . 

OBI-WAN: Well, then we must go back! If there are other stragglers, they will fall into the trap and be killed. 

BAIL ORGANA: It's too dangerous to return. 

YODA: Suggest dismantling the coded signal, do you? 

OBI-WAN: Yes, Master. There is too much at stake here, and we need a clearer picture of what has happened. 

YODA: I agree. In a dark place we find ourselves ... a little more knowledge might light our way. 

165 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LAVA FIELDS-DAY 

Workers move across the lava beds, gathering the magma. A column of aliens riding giant MUSTAFAR FLEAS marches forward. 

166 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY 

A HOLOGRAM of DARTH SIDIOUS is in the center of the room. NUTE GUNRAY and the REST OF THE SEPARATIST COALITION watch SIDIOUS. 

NUTE GUNRAY: The plan has gone as you had promised, My Lord. 

DARTH SIDIOUS: You have done well, Viceroy. When my new apprentice, Darth Vader, arrives, he will take care of you. 

The hologram disappears. 

167 INT. CRUISER-COCKPIT 

The Republic Cruiser heads toward Coruscant. OBI-WAN, BAIL, YODA, and TWO PILOTS sit in the cockpit. 

PILOT: We are receiving a message from the Chancellor's office, sir. 

BAIL ORGANA: Send it through. 

PILOT: Yes, sir. 

The PILOT pushes some buttons. MAS AMEDDA appears on screen. 

MAS AMEDDA: Senator Organa . . . the Supreme Chancellor of the Republic requests your presence at a special session of Congress. 

BAIL ORGANA: Tell the Chancellor I will be there. 

MAS AMEDDA: Very well. He will be expecting you. 

MAS AMEDDA's image disappears from the screen. 

BAIL ORGANA: It could be a trap. 

OBI-WAN: No, I don't think so. The Chancellor will not be able to control the thousands of star systems without keeping the Senate intact. 

YODA: If a special session of Congress there is, easier for us to enter the Jedi Temple it will be. 

168 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE LANDING PLATFORM-LATE DAY 

OBI-WAN, BAIL, and YODA land on Coruscant. The elevator door opens, and they step out. 

GUARD: Welcome back, Senator. May I see your clearance? 

BAIL ORGANA: Certainly. 

GUARD: Thank you, you may proceed. We will take custody of the Jedi. 

OBI-WAN: It would be better if we stayed with the Senator. 

GUARD: It would be better if they stayed with you. 

BAIL and his AIDES go into the Senate. YODA and OBI-WAN head for the Jedi Temple. 

169 EXT. MUSTAFAR-JEDI STARFIGHTER-SPACE 

ANAKIN's Jedi Starfighter heads for the hazy blood-red planet of Mustafar. 

170 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

ANAKIN flies over the volcanoes of Mustafar and lands his Jedi Starfighter on a complex of Landing Platforms. His cockpit opens as R2-D2 pops from the ship with a happy BEEP. 

ANAKIN: Artoo . . . stay with the ship. 

ARTOO lets out a sad little BEEP and moves back toward the ship. 

171 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

ANAKIN, putting on his hood, walks across a walkway upon arriving on Mustafar. 

172 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY 

ANAKIN appears in the doorway of the control center. 

NUTE GUNRAY: Welcome, Lord Vader. We've been expecting you. 

Everyone in the room looks to him as he raises his hand toward a control panel, and all the exits close. The confused SEPARATISTS look around in bewilderment. 

173 EXT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-LATE DAY 

Smoke from the smoldering shell of the Jedi Temple fills the air with a brown haze. 

174 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-MAIN ENTRANCE-LATE DAY 

A DOZEN CLONE TROOPERS stand guard at the entrance of the Jedi Temple. Suddenly there is a flash of a lightsaber, a flurry of confusion, and all of the Clone Troopers are dead on the floor. YODA and OBI-WAN stand in the middle of the carnage. 

OBI-WAN: There are several battalions of Clone Troopers on every level. Many are dressed as Jedi. 

YODA: Dismantle the coded signal quickly. That group back there, soon discovered will be. 

175 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE BUILDING-SUNSET 

The awesome Senate Building looms over the city. The endless traffic continues to clutter the skyline. 

176 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMBER-SUNSET 

The Chancellor is in the podium in the center of the vast arena giving a speech. MAS AMEDDA stands to the right of SIDIOUS. BAIL ORGANA walks through the hallway of the Main Senate Chamber. He enters the Senate Pod of Naboo and sits next to PADME. JAR JAR, CAPTAIN TYPHO and TWO HANDMAIDENS are in the pod also. 

PALPATINE: . . . and the Jedi Rebellion has been foiled. 

BAIL ORGANA: I was held up. What's happening? 

PADME: The Chancellor has been elaborating on a plot by the Jedi, to overthrow the Senate. 

BAIL ORGANA: That's not true! 

PADME: He's been presenting evidence all afternoon. 

BAIL ORGANA: And the Senate will go along with it, just like they always do. 

PALPATINE: The remaining Jedi will be hunted down and defeated. (applause) Any collaborators will suffer the same fate. 

(applause) 

These have been trying times, but we have passed the test. 

177 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-HALLWAY-SUNSET 

YODA and OBI-WAN make their way through the Temple, avoiding the HUNDREDS OF CLONE TROOPERS. They use the Force to distract the CLONES when they can. 
YODA and OBI-WAN walk through the ruins of the Temple until they come across the bodies of some students. 

OBI-WAN: Not even the younglings survived. 

YODA: Killed not by clones, this Padawan. By a lightsaber, he was. 

OBI-WAN: . . .Who?? Who could have done this? 

178 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY 

ANAKIN ignites his lightsaber, NUTE and the OTHERS panic. The DROIDS at the controls and the GUARDS grab their weapons, but it is too late. They are cut down in a flash. The Separatists bang on the doors, and NUTE and RUNE HAAKO flee under a table. 

ANAKIN, stone-faced, moves through the room like the grim reaper. Bodies drop everywhere. SCREAMS are cut short as the head of the Banking Clan dies. 

Then POGGLE THE LESSER loses his head; WAT TAMBOR, SHU MAI, and the REST OF THE SEPARATISTS run into the conference room. 

179 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMBER-SUNSET 

PALPATINE: The attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed, but I assure you my resolve has never been stronger. 

Applause. 

180 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY 

In the hallway, ANAKIN cuts down DROIDS and SEPARATISTS alike. He is unstoppable. ANAKIN turns his head-his eyes are yellow. 

181 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMBER-SUNSET 

PALPATINE continues his speech at the podium. 

PALPATINE: The war is over. (applause) The Separatists have been defeated, (applause) and the Jedi rebellion has been foiled. We stand on the threshold of a new beginning. 

There is a long period of APPLAUSE. 

PADME: Well, this is the moment we discover if he intends to return the Republic to a democracy. 

PALPATINE: In order to ensure our security and continuing stability, the Republic will be reorganized into the first Galactic Empire, for a safe and secure society which I assure you will last for ten thousand years. 

There is a loud, sustained CHEER from the Senate. BAIL ORGANA and PADME sit, dumbfounded. 

PALPATINE: (continuing) An empire that will continue to be ruled by this august body, and a sovereign ruler chosen for life . . . 

The Senate CHEERS again. BAIL and PADME are devastated. PADME begins to cry. 

PALPATINE: (continuing) An empire ruled by the majority . . . Ruled by a new constitution . . . 

The Senate APPLAUDS. 

PADME: So this is how liberty dies, with thunderous applause . . . 

BAIL ORGANA: We cannot let this happen. 

He starts to stand up. PADME stops him. 

PADME: Not now! There will be a time. 

182 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-CONFERENCE ROOM-DAY 

After everyone in the Main Control Room is dead, ANAKIN moves to the small conference room where WAT TAMBOR. SHU MAI, and some OTHER SEPARATISTS are hiding. RUNE HAAKO tries to run but is trapped by a dead-end as ANAKIN advances. 

RUNE HAAKO: Stop! Enough, this is not right! 

RUNE is cut down. NUTE GUNRAY crawls out from under the table and opens the Main Door, allowing DESTROYER DROIDS to enter. WAT TAMBOR is cut down, along with SHU MAI. DESTROYER DROIDS appear in the doorway and blast away, causing total destruction. When the firing is over, ANAKIN is gone. Blown away? No. ANAKIN drops from the ceiling behind the TWO DROIDS and cuts them to pieces before they know what hit them. 

183 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-HALLWAY-DAY 

NUTE GUNRAY is the last Separatist leader alive. ANAKIN moves on to find NUTE GUNRAY hiding in an alcove. 

NUTE GUNRAY: The war is over. Lord Sidious promised us peace ... we only want . . . 

NUTE GUNRAY is cut down in midsentence. 

184 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-COMPUTER ROOM-NIGHT 

OBI-WAN stands in a large computer area as YODA looks on, in the hatchway to the Main Control Center. 

OBI-WAN: I've recalibrated the code warning all surviving Jedi to stay away. 

YODA: Good . . . For the Clones to discover the recalibration, a long time it will take. To change it back, longer still. Hurry. 

185 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-CONTROL CENTER-NIGHT 

OBI-WAN enters the Main Control Center with YODA and heads for the hologram area. 

OBI-WAN: Wait, Master. There is something I must know . . . 

YODA: If into the security recordings you go, only pain will you find. 

OBI-WAN: I must know the truth, Master. 

OBI-WAN moves to a panel and flips some switches. He sees a HOLOGRAM of ANAKIN slaughtering JEDI, including the YOUNG ONES. OBI-WAN and YODA react. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) It can't be . . . It can't be . . . 

As ANAKIN surveys the carnage, a DARK-ROBED SITH LORD enters. ANAKIN turns to DARTH SIDIOUS and kneels before him. 

ANAKIN: The traitors have been taken care of, Lord Sidious. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: Good . . . good . . . You have done well, my new apprentice. Do you feel your power growing? 

ANAKIN: Yes, My Master. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: Now, Lord Vader, now go and bring peace to the Empire. 

OBI-WAN watches in horror. Tears well up in his eyes. 

OBI-WAN: I can't watch any more. 

OBI-WAN switches off the hologram. The TWO JEDI stand in silence for a few moments. 

YODA: Destroy the Sith, we must. 

OBI-WAN: Send me to kill the Emperor. I will not kill Anakin. 

YODA: To fight this Lord Sidious, strong enough, you are not. 

OBI-WAN: He is like my brother ... I cannot do it. 

YODA: Twisted by the dark side, young Skywalker has become. The boy you trained, gone he is . . . Consumed by Darth Vader. 

OBI-WAN: How could it have come to this? 

YODA: To question, no time there is. 

OBI-WAN: I do not know where the Emperor has sent him. I don't know where to look. 

YODA: Use your feelings, Obi-Wan, and find him, you will. Visit the new Emperor, my task is. May the Force be with you. 

OBI-WAN: May the Force be with you, Master Yoda. 

186 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-AFTERNOON 

A DC0052 Intergalactic Speeder pulls up to the veranda landing of Padme's apartment. 

187 EXT. CORUSCANT -PADME'S APARTMENT-VERANDA-AFTERNOON 

The cockpit of the sleek yellow Galactic Speeder opens, and a HOODED FIGURE emerges and walks onto the veranda. An ALARM GOES OFF deep in the apartment. The FIGURE stops before a security curtain that protects the veranda. C-3PO enters the veranda and approaches the FIGURE.

C-3PO: Hello, might I help you . . . Oh, it's you, Master Kenobi. Come in, quickly. 

The security curtain disappears, and the FIGURE lifts his hood. It is OBI-WAN. The alarm stops sounding. 

OBI-WAN: Has Anakin been here . . . ? 

C-3PO: Yes . . . right after the attack on the Jedi Temple. 

PADME comes down the stairs in a robe. THREEPIO leaves. 

PADME: Master Kenobi . . . 

She embraces Obi-Wan. 

PADME: (continuing) Oh, Obi-Wan, thank goodness . . . you're alive. 

OBI-WAN: The Republic has fallen. Padme . . . The Jedi Order is no more . . . 

PADME: I know, it's hard to believe everything to which we've dedicated our lives is gone. 

OBI-WAN: I believe we have been part of a plot hundreds of years in the making. 

PADME: The Senate is still intact, there is some hope. 

OBI-WAN: No. Padme . . . It's over . . . The Sith now rule the galaxy as they did before the Republic. 

PADME: The Sith!?! 

OBI-WAN: I'm here looking for Anakin . . . When was the last time you saw him? 

PADME: Yesterday. 

OBI-WAN: And do you know where he is now? 

PADME: (looks down) No. 

OBI-WAN: Padme, I need your help. He's in grave danger. 

PADME: From the Sith? 

OBI-WAN: From himself . . . Padme, Anakin has turned to the dark side. 

PADME: You're wrong! How could you even say that? 

OBI-WAN: I have seen a security hologram of him killing younglings. 

PADME: Not Anakin! He couldn't! 

OBI-WAN: He was deceived by a lie. We all were. It appears that the Chancellor is behind everything, including the war. Palpatine is the Sith Lord we've been looking for. After the death of Count Dooku, Anakin became his new apprentice. 

PADME: I don't believe you ... I can't. 

OBI-WAN: Padme, I must find him. 

PADME: You're going to kill him, aren't you? 

OBI-WAN: He has become a very great threat. 

As PADME moves to sit down, she reveals her pregnancy. 

PADME: I can't . . . 

OBI-WAN: Anakin is the father, isn't he? 

PADME looks away. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) I'm so sorry. 

OBI-WAN turns and leaves as PADME stares transfixed, not knowing what to do. She is worried and tormented. OBI-WAN takes off in the Speeder. She studies the japor snippet that is hanging around her neck. 

188 INT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

R2-D2 waits forlornly for his Master in front of the Jedi Starfighter. 

189 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY 

ANAKIN surveys the slaughter with a crazed look in his eyes. 

190 INT. MUSTAFAR-CONTROL CENTER-BALCONY-DAY 

ANAKIN stares out at Mustafar, standing on the control room balcony. 

191 EXT. CORUSCANT-LANDING PLATFORM-SUNSET 

A small Naboo Skiff rests on a landing platform in the vast congestion of Coruscant. PADME gets out of her Speeder, followed by CAPTAIN TYPHO and C-3PO. 

CAPTAIN TYPHO: My Lady, let me come with you. 

PADME: There is no danger. The fighting is over, and . . . this is personal. 

TYPHO bows. 

CAPTAIN TYPHO: As you wish, My Lady . . . but I strongly disagree. 

PADME: I'll be all right, Captain. 

He goes to the speeder and gets in. 

PADME: (continuing) This is something I must do myself. Besides, Threepio will look after me. 

C-3PO: Oh, dear. 

TYPHO takes off and PADME and THREEPIO board the small NABOO SKIFF. A shadow moves out from under the SKIFF. It is OBI-WAN. He quickly jumps on the retracting ramp as the SKIFF takes off. 

192 INT. NABOO SKIFF 

THREEPIO chatters away as PADME breaks down in tears, the painful reality sinking in. 

C-3PO: Green light. Do you know that I think I'm beginning to get the hang of this flying business. 

OBI-WAN stows away on Padme's ship. The ship lifts from the landing platform and heads into the traffic lanes. 

193 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE ARENA-CHANCELLOR'S HOLDING OFFICE-SUNSET 

A HOLOGRAM OF ANAKIN appears before PALPATINE in his office at the bottom of the Senate Arena. 

DARTH VADER: The Separatists are taken care of, My Master. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: It is finished, then. You have restored peace and justice to the galaxy. You have done well, Lord Vader. 

DARTH VADER: Thank you, My Master. 

194 INT. MUSTAFAR-COXFERENCE ROOM-DAY 

A Hologram of Sidious speaks with Anakin in the Mustafar control room. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: Send a message to the ships of the Trade Federation. Tell them the Separatist leaders have been wiped out. Grievous and Dooku have been destroyed. All droid units must shut down immediately. 

DARTH VADER: Very good, My Lord. 

ANAKIN sees Padme's ship arriving on the screen and goes out to meet her. 

195 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

The sleek NABOO SKIFF lands on the Mustafar landing platform near Anakin's GREEN STARFIGHTER. ANAKIN runs up to the SKIFF as the ramp lowers. PADME runs to him. 

ANAKIN: Padme, I saw your ship . . . 

They embrace. 

PADME: Oh, Anakin! 

ANAKIN: It's all right, you're safe now. What are you doing out here? 

PADME: I was so worried about you. Obi-Wan told me terrible things. 

ANAKIN: What things? 

PADME: He said you have turned to the dark side . . . that you killed younglings. 

ANAKIN: Obi-Wan is trying to turn you against me. 

PADME: He cares about us. 

ANAKIN: Us??! 

PADME: He knows . . . He wants to help you. 

ANAKIN: Is Obi-Wan going to protect you? He can't ... he can't help you. He's not strong enough. 

PADME: Anakin, all I want is your love. 

ANAKIN: Love won't save you, Padme. Only my new powers can do that. 

PADME: At what cost? You are a good person. Don't do this. 

ANAKIN: I won't lose you the way I lost my mother! I've become more powerful than any Jedi has ever dreamed of and I've done it for you. To protect you. 

PADME: Come away with me. Help me raise our child. Leave everything else behind while we still can. 

ANAKIN: Don't you see, we don't have to run away anymore. I have brought peace to the Republic. I am more powerful than the Chancellor. I can overthrow him, and together you and I can rule the galaxy. Make things the way we want them to be. 

PADME: I don't believe what I'm hearing . . . Obi-Wan was right. You've changed. 

ANAKIN: I don't want to hear any more about Obi-Wan. The Jedi turned against me. Don't you turn against me. 

PADME: I don't know you anymore. Anakin, you're breaking my heart. I'll never stop loving you, but you are going down a path I 
can't follow. 

ANAKIN: Because of Obi-Wan? 

PADME: Because of what you've done . . . what you plan to do. Stop, stop now. Come back! I love you. 

ANAKIN: (seeing Obi-Wan) Liar! 

PADME turns around and. sees OBI-WAN standing in the doorway of the Naboo Cruiser. 

PADME: No! 

ANAKIN: You're with him. You've betrayed me! You brought him here to kill me! 

PADME: NO! Anakin. I swear ... I ... 

ANAKIN reaches out, and PADME grabs her throat as she starts to choke. 

OBI-WAN: Let her go, Anakin. 

ANAKIN: What have you and she been up to? 

OBI-WAN: Let her go! 

ANAKIN releases his grip on the unconscious PADME and she crumples to the ground. 

ANAKIN: You turned her against me. 

OBI-WAN: You have done that yourself. 

ANAKIN: You will not take her from me. 

ANAKIN throws off his cloak. 

OBI-WAN: Your anger and your lust for power have already done that. 

OBI-WAN flings off his cloak. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) You have allowed this Dark Lord to twist your mind until now . . . until now you have become the very thing you swore to destroy. 

They circle each other until OBI-WAN is near PADME. He places his hand on her. 

ANAKIN: Don't lecture me, Obi-Wan. I see through the lies of the Jedi. I do not fear the dark side as you do. I have brought peace, justice, freedom, and security to my new Empire. 

OBI-WAN: Your new Empire? 

ANAKIN: Don't make me kill you. 

OBI-WAN: Anakin, my allegiance is to the Republic ... to democracy. 

ANAKIN: If you're not with me, you're my enemy. 

OBI-WAN: Only a Sith Lord deals in absolutes. I will do what I must. 

(ignites his lightsaber) 

ANAKIN: You will try. 

ANAKIN ignites his lightsaber. 

ANAKIN lashes out at OBI-WAN, and they begin a ferocious sword fight. ANAKIN throws CONTAINERS at OBI-WAN using the Force. 
They work their way off the landing platform and into the main entry hallway. ANAKIN kicks OBI-WAN, and OBI-WAN drops to a lower level. 
ARTOO BEEPS his concern and rushes to the unconscious PADME's aid. 

196 INT. CORRIDOR-SENATE ARENA-CHANCELLOR'S HOLDING OFFICE-NIGHT 

YODA enters, using the Force to throw two RED GUARDS against the wall, knocking them unconscious. DARTH SIDIOUS turns his chair toward YODA. MAS AMEDDA stands behind SIDIOUS's desk. 

YODA: I hear a new apprentice, you have. Emperor, or should I call you Darth Sidious. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: Master Yoda, you survived. 

YODA: Surprised? 

DARTH SlDIOUS: Your arrogance blinds you, Master Yoda. Now you will experience the full power of the dark side. 

The Dark Lord raises his arms, and LIGHTNING BOLTS shoot out, surrounding YODA. 
YODA is picked up and thrown across the room, hitting the wall and sliding down in a crumpled heap. DARTH SIDIOUS chuckles. 

197 INT. MUSTAFAR-PASSAGES TO MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY 

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN move their fight toward the main control center. As the laser swords fly, bits of the hallway are cut up. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN jump and use every trick in the Jedi book. 

198 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-NABOO CRUISER-DAY 

R2-D2, tries to drag PADME on board the Naboo Cruiser. C-3PO pokes his head out of the ship's doorway. 

C-3PO: What are you doing? You're going to hurt her. Wait!! 

C-3PO starts down the ramp. 

199 INT. CORRIDOR-SENATE ARENA-CHANCELLOR'S HOLDING OFFICE-NIGHT 

MAS AMEDDA leaves the room. PALPATINE approaches a stunned YODA. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: I have waited a long time for this moment, my little green friend. At last, the Jedi are no more. 

YODA: Not if anything I have to say about it, Lord Sidious. 

YODA uses the Force to throw DARTH SIDIOUS back, knocking him clear over his desk and onto the floor in a heap. 

YODA: (continuing) At an end your rule is and not short enough it was, I must say. 

DARTH SIDIOUS flies through the air, cape flapping, heading toward the exit. At the last second, YODA flies into the exit and stops the Dark Lord.

YODA: (continuing) If so powerful you are, why leave?? 

YODA ignites his lightsaber. 

DARTH SlDIOUS: You will not stop me. Darth Vader will become more powerful than either of us. 

DARTH SIDIOUS ignites his lightsaber. 

YODA: Faith in your new apprentice, misplaced may be, as is your faith in the dark side of the Force. 

Their swords CLASH. The battle is extremely fast and furious. 


200 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY 

View screens EXPLODE around ANAKIN and OBI-WAN as they work their way into the Control Room. The fighting is intense. OBI-WAN is on the defensive as he jumps up on the table view screen in the center of the room. 

ANAKIN: Don't make me destroy you, Master. You're no match for the dark side. 

OBI-WAN: I've heard that before, Anakin . . . but I never thought I'd hear it from you. 

ANAKIN forces OBI-WAN back into the Conference Room where the quarters are much closer. Sparks fly everywhere. ANAKIN jumps onto the conference table. OBI-WAN slides across the table, knocking ANAKIN over. OBI-WAN grabs ANAKIN’s lightsaber as he falls. OBI-WAN uses the Force to summon his dropped lightsaber. ANAKIN does the same. 

201 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMBER-MAIN ARENA-NIGHT 

PALPATINE seeks refuge in the vast Senate Chamber. He gets into the Chancellor's Podium and it starts to rise up into the Arena. YODA makes a giant leap into the control pod. The sword fighting is intense in the confined space. 

202 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY 

The battle intensifies. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) The flaw of power is arrogance. 

OBI-WAN stands looking at his former apprentice for a moment. 

ANAKIN: You hesitate . . . the flaw of compassion. 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN lock sabers. OBI-WAN puts out his hand to use the Force to push ANAKIN away. ANAKIN puts out his hand to block OBI-WAN. 
Both combatants are blasted backwards onto the control panels. 
They regain their footing and the battle continues. ANAKIN kicks OBI-WAN away. 
They battle around the room, and eventually the door to the exterior is knocked open. They continue battling out onto the balcony. 

203 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMRER-MAIN ARENA-NIGHT 

YODA unleashes a ferocious assault on PALPATINE, causing him to almost go over the edge. The Dark Lord drops his lightsaber but recovers with a BLAST OF ENERGY from his hands that surrounds YODA. YODA is deflecting the Sith Lord's lightning bolts. 

The energy bolts begin to arc back on the Emperor. It looks as if the Dark Lord is doomed. 

YODA: Destroy you I will, just as Master Kenobi, your apprentice will destroy. 

YODA jumps to a lower Senate Pod. PALPATINE reaches out with one hand, and a Senate pod is released from its mooring and heads toward the Podium. PALPATINE uses the Force to hurl pod after pod at YODA, who ducks and jumps from one flying pod to another. 

YODA leaps away from the pods. He uses the Force to hold one pod suspended in the air. The pod spins and YODA throws it back at PALPATINE, who leaps away at the last moment. 

YODA leaps after him, but PALPATINE quickly turns and aims the full force of his energy bolts at the tiny green Jedi, catching him in mid-air and throwing him back hard against the Podium. The force causes YODA to drop his lightsaber. YODA blocks the lightning and throws PALPATINE backwards off the podium. YODA is knocked off the Podium and falls several hundred feet to the base of the Podium. PALPATINE follows in his pod, searching for YODA. 

204 EXT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER BALCONY-DAY 

ANAKIN forces OBI-WAN down a narrow balcony outside the Control Room. He rips objects off the wall and throws them at OBI-WAN as he pushes him further and further along the walkway. 

The balcony ends, and OBI-WAN is trapped. He looks over the balcony and into a river of lava. 

ANAKIN cuts apiece of the balcony railing off, along with a control panel. 
ALARMS SOUND, and a protective ray shield around the superstructure disappears. It tumbles into the molten abyss, disappearing in a puff of smoke. A small pipe connects the Control Center to the Main Collection Plant. OBI-WAN has no choice but to tightrope-walk out across the lava river while fighting ANAKIN. 

205 EXT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER BALCONY, PIPE ACROSS LAVA RIVER, MAIN COLLECTION PLANT-DAY 

ANAKIN, following OBI-WAN, jumps down onto the flexing pipe, lands, and resumes fighting. 

206 INT. MUSTAFAR-PIPE ACROSS LAVA RIVER-DAY 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN work their way across the small pipe, fighting ferociously as they go. OBI-WAN slips, throws his lightsaber up in the air, grabs on to the pipe, swings around, grabs on to an upper pipe, retrieves his lightsaber, and lands back on the original pipe. They continue to fight across the pipe until they reach the Main Collection Plant. 

207 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-WIRING CHUTE-NIGHT 

YODA squishes his way through a mass of wires in a small chute. He talks on his comlink. 

YODA: Hurry. Careful timing we will need. 

BAIL ORGANA: (in speeder) There aren't many troops on this side. Activate your homing beacon when you're ready. 

208 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMBER-MAIN ARENA-NIGHT 

A Senate pod with COMMANDER THIRE (4477) and SEVERAL OTHER CLONE TROOPERS climb up to where MAS AMEDDA and PALPATINE are waiting. Beneath the Main Podium, TWENTY CLONE TROOPERS search for Yoda 's body. 

CLONE COMMANDER THIRE: There is no sign of his body, sir. 

MAS AMEDDA: Then he is not dead. 

PALPATINE: Double your search. 

CLONE COMMANDER THIRE: Yes sir. Right away, sir. 

PALPATINE: (to Mas Amedda) Tell Captain Kagi to prepare my shuttle for immediate takeoff. 

MAS AMEDDA: Yes, Master. 

PALPATINE: I sense Lord Vader is in danger. 

PALPATINE walks into the Arena hallway. COMMANDER THIRE descends down to the floor of the Arena, where an intense search is taking place. SEVERAL CURIOUS SENATORS rubberneck in scattered pods. 

209 EXT. MUSTAFAR-COLLECTION PANELS-DAY 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN battle on the top of the multispired collection panels, jumping from one to the other. At the end of the collection cluster, a huge spray of lava covers the attachments that hold up the collectors. The frame begins to melt. It's raining lava. Both ANAKIN and OBI-WAN run for cover under the collection cluster. They continue to fight in the lava rain, darting from cover to attack, then quickly retreating to cover. 
Support for the entire structure begins to fall away, and the collection cluster falls into the lava river. The Jedi continue their fight, climbing to the highest point on the tower as the rest begins to melt away as it rides the swift current down the river. 

It bends toward the lava as they get out toward the end. The fighting gets fierce. OBI-WAN gets to the end and is trapped. The tower slowly starts to sink under the lava. 

210 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-NIGHT 

BAIL ORGANA, in his open Cockpit Speeder, flies along next to the roof eave of the huge Senate Building. He slows and moves closer to a long row of recessed lights. Suddenly YODA falls out of one of the light recesses and lands in the Speeder. BAIL guns it and heads away from the Senate Building. 

211 INT. CORUSCANT-BAIL ORGANA'S SPEEDER-NIGHT 

YODA straightens himself out. 

YODA: Into exile I must go. Failed, I have. 

YODA and BAIL fly into the traffic of the city. 

212 EXT. MUSTAFAR-COLLECTION PANELS-DAY 

OBI-WAN realizes he is getting very close to the edge of the lava falls. He grabs a rope and leaps from the collection arm. ANAKIN follows. 
ANAKIN and OBI-WAN continue their sword fight hanging from cables as they swing past each other. 

213 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-NABOO SKIFF-DAY 

C-3PO carefully lifts PADME into his arms. R2-D2 nervously looks on. BEEPING. 

C-3PO: I am being careful. I've got a good hold on her, but . . . I'm worried about my back. I hope it's able to hold up under this weight. 

C-3PO carries PADME into the Naboo Skiff. 

214 EXT. MUSTAFAR-COLLECTION PANELS-DAY 

From their cables, ANAKIN and OBI-WAN both spot something that causes them to stop fighting. The lava river ahead drops off in a tremendous lava fall. 

SNAPPING AND METAL GROANS are heard as the main part of the collector starts to break away and move toward the lava fall. OBI-WAN looks around and sees a small floating platform making its way toward the tower. 

OBI-WAN does a double hack-flip and lands squarely on the floating platform. He immediately leans to one side and moves away from the tower. 

ANAKIN realizes he is doomed as the entire tower heads for the falls. In the distance he sees some CONSTRUCTION DROIDS. He swings back to the tower, climbs up and makes a running leap and miraculously lands on A WORKER DROID. The DROID is confused and chatters to his CO-WORKER. The giant collector goes over the lava flow and disappears in the mist of sparks below. 

OBI-WAN heads for the bank of the lava river, but Anakin's DROID is faster. He catches up with his old Master. 

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN continue the swordfight. They battle away, balancing on the tiny platform and puzzled DROID. ANAKIN, standing on the Droid, approaches OBI-WAN on the work platform. 

OBI-WAN: I have failed you, Anakin. I was never able to teach you to think. 

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN confront each other on the lava river. 

ANAKIN: I should have known the Jedi were plotting to take over . . . 

OBI-WAN: From the Sith!!! Anakin, Chancellor Palpatine is evil. 

ANAKIN: From the Jedi point of view! From my point of view, the Jedi are evil. 

OBI-WAN: Well, then you are lost! 

ANAKIN: This is the end for you, My Master. I wish it were otherwise. 

ANAKIN jumps and flips onto OBI- WAN's platform. The fighting continues again until OBI-WAN jumps toward the safety of the black sandy edge of the lava river. He yells at Anakin. 

OBI-WAN: It's over, Anakin. I have the high ground. 

ANAKIN: You underestimate my power! 

OBI-WAN: Don't try it. 

ANAKIN follows, and OBI-WAN cuts his young apprentice at the knees, then cuts off his left arm in the blink of an eye. ANAKIN tumbles down the embankment and rolls to a stop near the edge of the lava. 

ANAKIN struggles to pull himself up the embankment with his mechanical hand. His thin leather glove has been burned off. He keeps sliding down in the black sand. 

OBI-WAN: (continuing) . . . You were the Chosen One! It was said that you would, destroy the Sith, not join them. It was you who would bring balance to the Force, not leave it in Darkness. 

OBI-WAN picks up Anakin's light saber and begins to walk away. He stops and looks back. 

ANAKIN: I hate you! 

OBI-WAN: You were my brother, Anakin. I loved you. 

ANAKIN'S clothing blows into the lava river and ignites. Suddenly ANAKIN bursts into flames and starts SCREAMING. 

215 INT. MUSTAFAR-VOLCANO EDGE-DAY 

OBI-WAN looks in horror as ANAKIN becomes engulfed in flames. OBI-WAN can't watch him as he struggles to climb the embankment, covered in flames. 

He runs back to Padme's ship as ANAKIN drops, smoldering, near the top of the lava pit. 

216 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-NABOO SKIFF-DAY 

OBI-WAN makes his way to the SKIFF. He looks for Padme. THREEPIO sticks his head out the door of the SKIFF. 

C-3PO: Master Kenobi! We have Miss Padme on board. Please, please hurry. We should leave this dreadful place. 

OBI-WAN runs on board the Naboo Skiff. 

217 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-NABOO SKIFF-DAY 

PADME lies on a cot or bed inside the ship. OBI-WAN walks over and checks on her. 

PADME: Obi-Wan? Is Anakin all right? 

OBI-WAN looks at her sadly and does not answer. He brushes her hair back. Padme drops back into unconsciousness. ARTOO watches over her. 
OBI-WAN rides in the co-pilot's station. He sits looking pensive. THREEPIO drives. 

218 EXT. MUSTAFAR-VOLCANO EDGE-DAY 

ANAKIN crawls up the bank, his body smoking. A shuttle flies overhead and lands. 

219 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-IMPERIAL SHUTTLE-DAY 

An Imperial Shuttle closes its wings and settles on the highest of the Mustafar Landing Platforms. A PLATOON OF CLONE TROOPERS exits the craft, followed by DARTH SIDIOUS. 

220 INT. MUSTAFAR-VOLCANO PIT-DAY 

DARTH SIDIOUS walks in front of the CLONE TROOPERS on his way to get to Anakin at the edge of the lava pit. 

221 EXT. MUSTAFAR-VOLCANO PIT-DAY 

DARTH SIDIOUS discovers what remains of ANAKIN and checks him out. He turns to the CLONES. 

DARTH SIDIOUS: Anakin! Anakin! There he is. He's still alive. Get a medical capsule, immediately. 

CLONE CAPTAIN: Yes sir. Right away. 

Several of the CLONES rush off as DARTH SIDlOUS puts his hand on ANAKIN's forehead. 

222 INT. POLIS MASSA-OBSERVATION DOME-NIGHT 

On the isolated asteroid of Polis Massa, YODA meditates. 

YODA: Failed to stop the Sith Lord, I have. Still much to learn, there is ... 

QUI -GON: (V.O.) Patience. You will have time. I did not. When I became one with the Force I made a great discovery. With my training, you will be able to merge with the Force at will. Your physical self will fade away, but you will still retain your consciousness. You will become more powerful than any Sith. 

YODA: Eternal consciousness. 

QUI-GON: (V.O.) The ability to defy oblivion can be achieved, but only for oneself. It was accomplished by a Shaman of the Whills. It is a state acquired through compassion, not greed. 

YODA: . . . to become one with the Force, and influence still have . . . A power greater than all, it is. 

QUI-GON: (V.O.) You will learn to let go of everything. No attachment, no thought of self. No physical self. 

YODA: A great Jedi Master, you have become, Qui-Gon Jinn. Your apprentice I gratefully become. 

YODA thinks about this for a minute, then BAIL ORGANA enters the room and breaks his meditation. 

BAIL ORGANA: Excuse me, Master Yoda. Obi-Wan Kenobi has made contact. 

223 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY 

The CLONES have placed ANAKIN in a medical capsule. They float the wounded Sith Lord into the belly of the IMPERIAL CRUISER. DARTH SIDIOUS follows the capsule into the ship. The ship takes off. 

224 EXT. POLIS MASSA-LANDING PLATFORM-NIGHT 

OBI-WAN lands the Naboo Cruiser on the landing platform of the isolated post of Polis Massa. YODA and BAIL ORGANA, along with a FEW GROUND CREW, are waiting as the ramp lowers and OBI-WAN emerges, carrying the unconscious PADME in his arms, followed by ARTOO and THREEPIO. 

BAIL ORGANA: We'll take her to the medical center, quickly. 

225 EXT. LANDING PLATFORM-CORUSCANT-IMPERIAL REHAB CENTER-DAY 

The shuttle lands. DARTH SIDIOUS and CLONE TROOPERS leave the shuttle. ANAKIN's body is carried along in a floating medical capsule. 

226 INT. POLIS MASSA-MEDICAL CENTER-NIGHT 

POLIS MEDICS work, on PADME in an operating theater. OBI-WAN and one of the MEDICAL DROIDS enter an observation room where BAIL and YODA are waiting. 

MEDICAL DROID: Medically, she is completely healthy. For reasons we can't explain, we are losing her. 

OBI-WAN: She's dying? 

MEDICAL DROID: We don't know why. She has lost the will to live. We need to operate quickly if we are to save the babies. 

BAIL ORGANA: Babies??!! 

MEDICAL DROID: She's carrying twins. 

YODA: Save them, we must. They are our last hope. 

The MEDICAL DROID rushes back to the operating room. ARTOO and THREEPIO watch, greatly puzzled. ARTOO BEEPS. 

C-3PO: It s some kind of reproductive process, I think. 

227 INT. CORUSCANT-IMPERIAL REHAB CENTER-DAY 

ANAKIN, in the medical capsule, is lifted onto a table in the Rehab Center. DROIDS go to work on him. ANAKIN has new legs and a new arm. 

228 INT. POLIS MASSA-MEDICAL CENTER-NIGHT 

The TWINS are being delivered as BAIL ORGANA, YODA, ARTOO, and THREEPIO watch. OBI-WAN is in the operating theater with PADME. He takes her hand. 

OBI-WAN: Don't give up, Padme. 

PADME winces from the pain. The MEDICAL DROID is holding the BABY. 

MEDICAL DROID: It's a boy. 

PADME: Luke . . . 

PADME can only offer up a faint smile. She struggles to touch the baby on the forehead. 

MEDICAL DROID: ... and a girl. 

PADME: . . . Leia. 

R2-D2, THREEPIO and BAIL ORGANA watch from an adjoining space. 

229 INT. CORUSCANT-IMPERIAL REHAB CENTER-DAY 

VADER, dressed in his black body armor, lies on the table. Nose plugs are inserted and the mask drops from above, sealing tightly. The helmet is fitted and VADER begins breathing. 

230 INT. POLIS MASSA-MEDICAL CENTER-NIGHT 

OBI WAN leans over PADME and softly speaks to her. 

OBI-WAN: You have twins, Padme They need you . . . hang on. 

PADME: I can't . . . 

PADME winces again and takes OBI-WAN's hand. She is holding Anakin's japor snippet. 

OBI-WAN: Save your energy. 

PADME: Obi-Wan . . . there . . . is good in him. I know there is ... still . . . 

A last gasp, and she dies. Obi-Wan studies the necklace. 

231 INT. CORUSCANT-IMPERIAL REHAB CENTER-DAY 

DARTH SIDIOUS hovers around the periphery of a group of MEDICAL DROIDS who are working on ANAKIN. DARTH SIDIOUS paces in the foreground. A DROID approaches the Dark Lord. 

MEDICAL DROID: My Lord, the construction is finished ... he lives. 

DARTH SIDIOUS: Good. Good. 

The DROID moves back to the table where DARTH VADER lies. The table begins to move upright. DARTH SIDIOUS moves in next to DARTH VADER. 

DARTH SIDIOUS: (continuing) Lord Vader, can you hear me? 

DARTH VADER, with his dark mask and helmet, moves up into the frame until he is in a CLOSEUP. 

DARTH VADER: Yes, My Master. 

DARTH VADER looks around the room. 

DARTH VADER: (continuing) Where is Padme? Is she safe, is she all right? 

DARTH SIDIOUS moves closer to the half droid/half man. 

DARTH SIDIOUS: I'm afraid she died. ... it seems in your anger, you killed her. 

A LOW GROAN emanates from Vader's mask. Suddenly everything in the room begins to implode, including some of the DROIDS. 

DARTH VADER: I couldn't have! She was alive! I felt her! She was alive! It's impossible! No!!! 

VADER SCREAMS, breaks his bonds to the table, and steps forward, waving his hands, causing objects to fly around the room. SIDIOUS deflects the objects, but some of the DROIDS aren't so lucky. VADER'S PAINFUL SCREAMS echo throughout the Center. 

232 EXT. NABOO-ALDERAAN STARCRUISER 

BAIL ORGANA's Starcruiser approaches the city of Theed. 

233 INT. ALDERAAN CRUISER-CONFERENCE ROOM 

BAIL ORGANA, YODA, and OBI-WAN sit around a conference table. 

YODA: Pregnant, she must still appear. Hidden, safe, the children must be kept. 

OBI-WAN: We must take them somewhere the Sith will not sense their presence. 

YODA: Split up, they should be. 

BAIL ORGANA: My wife and I will take the girl. We've always talked of adopting a baby girl. She will be loved with us. 

OBI-WAN: And what of the boy? 

YODA: To Tatooine. To his family, send him. 

OBI-WAN: I will take the child and watch over him. Master Yoda, do you think Anakin's twins will be able to defeat Darth Sidious? 

YODA: Strong the Force runs, in the Skywalker line. Hope, we can . . . Done, it is. Until the time is right, disappear we will. 

BAIL leaves the conference room. YODA stops OBI-WAN. 

YODA: (continuing) Master Kenobi, wait a moment. In your solitude on Tatooine, training I have for you. 

OBI-WAN: Training?? 

YODA: An old friend has learned the path to immortality. 

OBI-WAN: Who? 

YODA: One who has returned from the netherworld of the Force to train me . . . your old Master, Qui-Gon Jinn. 

OBI-WAN: Qui-Gon? But, how could he accomplish this? 

YODA: The secret of the Ancient Order of the Whills, he studied. How to commune with him. I will teach you. 

OBI-WAN: I will be able to talk with him? 

YODA: How to join the Force, he will train you. Your consciousness you will retain, when one with the Force. Even your physical self, perhaps. 

234 INT. ALDERAAN STARCRUISER-HALLWAY- SPACE 

BAIL ORGANA, followed by ARTOO and THREEPIO, approaches CAPTAIN ANTILLES and TWO CREW MEMBERS. 

BAIL ORGANA: Captain Antilles. 

CAPTAIN ANTILLES: Yes, Your Highness. 

BAIL ORGANA: I'm placing these droids in your care. Treat them well. Clean them up. Have the Protocol Droid's mind wiped. 

C-3PO: Oh, no. 

235 EXT. NABOO-MAIN SQUARE-DAWN 

SIO BIBBLE walks with other MOURNERS. 
LARGE CROWDS line the street as a flowered, covered coffin is drawn by SIX BEAUTIFUL WHITE BEASTS. SOLDIERS AND FAMILY 
ATO DIGNITARIES follow the casket. 
PADME's hand clutches the japor snippet. 

236 EXT. DAGOBAH-DAY 

A small escape pod hurls toward the swamp planet and disappears in the mist. The pod has landed, and YODA descends the ramp, surveying the unfamiliar terrain. 

237 EXT. IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER-SPACE 

A Star Destroyer is surrounded by ATTACK CRUISERS. On the bridge of the Star Destroyer stands the EMPEROR and GOVERNOR 
TARKIN. 

DARTH VADER walks along the bridge to join the EMPEROR and GOVERNOR TARKIN. The camera PANS to reveal the huge frame 
structure which is the beginning of the DEATH STAR. 

238 EXT. ALDERAAN-STARCRUISER-SPACE 

The ship approaches the surface of Alderaan. 

239 EXT. ALDERAAN-LATE AFTERNOON 

The QUEEN OF ALDERAAN sits on a balcony looking out over the awesome mountains of Alderaan. BAIL ORGANA brings a small baby to her. She takes her and rocks her. 

240 EXT. TATOOINE-SUNSET 

OBI-WAN rides up to the moisture farm homestead on an EOPIE. He dismounts, takes the BABY out of a papoose on his back, and walks toward AUNT BERU, who walks over to greet him. They talk for a moment, and OBI-WAN turns the baby over to the young homesteader. AUNT BERU walks to UNCLE OWEN who is standing on the ridge near the homestead. OBI-WAN leaves as OWEN, BERU, and the BABY watch the twin suns set. 
