(#4 Privet Drive, Surrey – Night) 
(An elderly man dressed in the robes of a wizard walks up to the end of the drive. He pulls a ‘put-outer’ from his robes and puts out all the lights on the street. When he is done he walks over to #4. There he sees a gray cat sitting on the ledge, looking at him.) 
Dumbledore: I should've known you would have been here Professor McGonagall. 
(The cat changes into a somewhat elderly woman with gray hair and glasses.) 
McGonagall: Good evening Professor Dumbledore. (pause) Are the rumors true Albus? 
Dumbledore: I'm afraid so Professor. The good and the bad. 
McGonagall: And the boy? 
Dumbledore: Hagrid is bringing him. 
McGonagall: Do you think it wise to trust Hagrid with something as important as this? 
Dumbledore: Ah, Prof. I would trust Hagrid with my life 
(Suddenly they hear the sound of a motor, and a flying motorcycle lands just near them. An extremely big man, Hagrid, climbs off of the motorcycle with a baby in his arms.) 
Hagrid: Professor Dumbledore, sir. Professor McGonagall. 
Dumbledore: No problems I trust Hagrid? 
Hagrid: No, sir. Little tyke fell asleep as we were flying over Bristol. Try not to wake him. There you go. (He hands the baby to Dumbledore.) 
McGonagall: Albus, do really think it's safe leaving him with these people? I've watched them all day. There're the worst sort of Muggles imaginable. They really are- -
Dumbledore: The only family he has. 
McGonagall: This boy will be famous. There won't be a child in our world who doesn't know his name. 
Dumbledore: Exactly. He's far better off growing up away from all of that. Until he is ready. There, there Hagrid. It's not really goodbye after all. (He sets the baby down on #4’s doorstep and places a letter with him.) Good Luck, Harry Potter. 
(10 years later) 
(A 10 year old Harry Potter is sleeping in his cupboard under the stairs. Suddenly the slit in his door opens and his Aunt Petunia shouts at him to wake up.) 
Aunt Petunia: Up. Get up! Now! 
(Aunt Petunia slams the slit shut and Harry slowly get out of bed. He reaches up and gets his glasses from the shelf next to his bed. As he does so his cousin, Dudley, comes pounding down the stairs. He jumps on the stairs a few times causing some dust to fall onto Harry’s face.) 
Dudley: Wake up cousin! We're going to the zoo! 
(Dudley finishes coming down the stairs. He runs past Harry’s cupboard, shoving Harry back in as he passes and then continues on into the kitchen. Harry comes fully out of the cupboard and shut it behind him and then follows Dudley into the kitchen.) 
(Kitchen) 
(Aunt Petunia is fawning over Dudley as Harry walks in.) 
Aunt Petunia: Here he comes the birthday boy! 
Uncle Vernon: Happy birthday son. 
Aunt Petunia: Why don't you just cook the breakfast and try not to burn anything. 
Harry: Yes Aunt Petunia. 
(Harry goes over to the stove and finishes cooking the bacon.) 
Aunt Petunia: I want everything to be perfect for my Dudley's special day! 
Uncle Vernon: Hurry up! Bring my coffee boy! 
Harry: Yes Uncle Vernon. 
Aunt Petunia: Aren't they wonderful darling? 
Dudley: (looks around at all the gifts) How many are there? 
Uncle Vernon: 36, Counted them myself. 
Dudley: 36?! BUT LAST YEAR LAST YEAR I HAD 37!!! 
Uncle Vernon: Yes, but some of them are a bit bigger than last year's! 
Dudley: I don't care how big they are! 
Aunt Petunia: Now, now, now, this is what we're going to do. Is that when we go out we're going to buy you 2 new presents. How's that pumpkin? 
(Later that Morning) 
(The entire family heads out to the car.) 
Aunt Petunia: It should be a lovely day at the zoo. I'm really looking forward to it. 
(Uncle Vernon pulls Harry aside and shakes a finger at him.) 
Uncle Vernon: I'm warning you now boy. Any funny business, any at all and you won't have any meals for a week. Get in. 
(The Zoo – Reptile House) 
(Dudley, Harry, and Uncle Vernon are looking at a very large snake in a tank.) 
Dudley: Make it move. 
Uncle Vernon: (he taps the glass) Move. 
Dudley: MOVE! 
Harry: He's asleep! 
Dudley: He's boring. 
(Dudley and Uncle Vernon wander off. Harry turns back to the snake and talks to him.) 
Harry: Sorry about him he doesn't understand what it's like, lying there day after day watching people press their ugly faces in on you. (The snake opens its eyes and raises it’s head to look at him.) Can you hear me? (The snake nods.) It's just I've never talked to a snake before. Do you… Do you talk to people often? (The snake shakes it’s head no.) You're from Burma, aren't you? Was it nice there? Did you miss your family? (The snake points to a sign near his cage that says it was born in captivity.) I see. That's me as well. I never knew my parents either. 
(Suddenly Harry hears a shout from behind him and he gets knocked out of the way by Dudley.) 
Dudley: Mummy, Dad, come here you won't believe what this snake is doing! (Harry looks on in shock as the glass in front of Dudley disappears and Dudley falls into the tank.) Woah! Woah! Ah! 
(The snake slithers out and turns to face Harry.) 
Snake: Thanks. 
Harry: Any time. 
(The snake heads out of the reptile house amid a lot of screams.) 
Oth: Snake! Ahh! 
(Dudley stands up, ready to climb out of the tank, but the glass has suddenly reappeared and he’s stuck inside.) 
Dudley: Mum! Mummy! Help me! 
Aunt Petunia: My darling boy! How did you get in there! Who did this? How did you get in there? Is there a snake? 
(Harry chuckles a bit but quickly stops when Uncle Vernon turns and gives him a deadly look.) 
(#4 Privet Drive) 
(They have all arrived home again. Aunt Petunia comes in the house with Dudley, who is now wrapped in a towel. Uncle Vernon follows them in dragging Harry along.) 
Aunt Petunia: It's all right sweetheart. We'll get you out of these terrible clothes. 
Uncle Vernon: What happened? 
Harry: I swear, I don't know! One minute the glass was there then it was gone, it was like magic! 
(Uncle Vernon shoves Harry into his cupboard under the stairs.) 
Uncle Vernon: There's no such thing as magic. 
(Days Later – Front Entry) 
(Harry goes to the front door to collect the mail. He flips through a few letters but comes to a stop when he sees one addressed to him.) 
(Kitchen) 
(Uncle Vernon and Dudley sit at the table while Aunt Petunia is busy fixing breakfast. Harry walks in with the mail and hands it to Uncle Vernon then walks to his seat with his letter.) 
Uncle Vernon: Oh Marge is ill. Ate a funny whelk. 
Dudley: Dad! Look! Harry's got a letter! 
(Dudley grabs the letter from Harry and gives it to his father.) 
Harry: Hey give it back! It's mine! 
Uncle Vernon: Yours? Who'd be writing to you? 
(He looks at the letter then turns it over and sees that it’s from Hogwarts. He and Aunt Petunia share a look.) 
(For the next few days they receive more and more letters, and more and more owls land outside.) 
(Day) 
(Harry is inside his cupboard. He hears a noise and opens the door to investigate. Uncle Vernon is nailing the mail slot shut.) 
Uncle Vernon: No more mail through this letterbox. 
(Morning) 
(Aunt Petunia walks Uncle Vernon out to his car.) 
Aunt Petunia: Have a lovely day at the office, dear. 
(She looks up and sees that there are about 20-30 owls around the front yard.) 
Uncle Vernon: Shoo! Go on! 
(Sunday) 
(The three Dursley’s and Harry are seated around the parlor. Harry is serving everyone tea.) 
Uncle Vernon: Fine day Sunday. In my opinion best day of the week. And why is that Dudley? 
(Dudley shrugs his shoulders.) 
Harry: Because there's no post on Sundays. 
Uncle Vernon: (takes a cookie) Right you are Harry. No post on Sunday. Ha! No blasted letters today! No, sir! Not one single bloody letter! Not one! No sir, not one blasted, miserable- - 
(Suddenly there is a sound coming from the fireplace and before they can blink, hundreds of letters begin to shoot out and into the room.) 
Dudley: Make it stop, please! 
Uncle Vernon: Stop it! 
Dudley: Mummy what's happening? 
(Harry jumps up on the coffee table and manages to catch one of the letters. Uncle Vernon sees this and goes after Harry, but Harry runs out of the room into the hallway.) 
Uncle Vernon: Give me that! Give me that letter! 
(He manages to catch Harry and tries to get the letter from him.) 
Harry: Get off! They're my letters! Let go of me! 
Uncle Vernon: That's it! We're going away, far away! Where they can't find us! 
Dudley: (to his mother) Daddy's gone mad hasn't he? 
(Rock on the Sea) 
(It’s a few minutes before midnight. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia are asleep upstairs. Dudley sleeps on the couch and Harry lays on the floor, drawing a birthday cake in the dirt. He draws 11 candles on the cake. When Dudley’s watch chimes 12:00, he blows out the candles.) 
Harry: Make a wish, Harry. 
(Suddenly there is a loud pounding on the front door. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia wake up and come downstairs. Uncle Vernon carries a gun. Dudley wakes up as well.) 
Uncle Vernon: Who's there? 
(Harry jumps into a corner as the front door bangs open.) 
Hagrid: Sorry 'bout that. 
(Hagrid lifts the door and shuts it behind him.) 
Uncle Vernon: I demand that you leave at once. You are breaking and entering. 
(Hagrid walks over to the Dursley’s.) 
Hagrid: Dry up Dursley you great prune. (He bends the end of the shot gun up and it blows a hole in the roof. He then turns to Dudley.) Well, I haven't seen you since you was a baby Harry. But you're a bit more along then I would have expected; particularly around the middle. 
Dudley: I'm not... I'm not Harry. 
Harry: (coming out of the corner) I am. 
Hagrid: Well of course you are! Got something for you. Afraid I might have sat on it at some point but I imagine it'll taste fine just the same. (He hands Harry a box.) Baked it myself, words and all. 
(Harry opens the box and it’s his very first birthday cake.) 
Harry: Thank you! 
Hagrid: It's not everyday your young man turns 11 now it is? 
Harry: Excuse me, but who are you? 
Hagrid: Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts. Of course you know all about Hogwarts 
Harry: Sorry, no. 
Hagrid: No? Blimey Harry didn't you ever wonder didn't you ever wonder how your mum and dad learned it all? 
Harry: Learned what? 
Hagrid: You're a wizard Harry. 
Harry: I'm a what? 
Hagrid: A wizard. And a thumpin' good one I'd wager once you've trained up a bit. 
Harry: No, you've made a mistake. I mean I can't be a wizard... I mean I'm Harry, Just Harry. 
Hagrid: Well, "Just Harry" did you ever make anything happen? Anything you couldn't explain, when you were angry or scared? (Harry remembers the times that he did indeed make something happen.) Um Hum. 
(Hagrid hands him one of the letters.) 
Harry: (reading) Dear Mr. Potter, we are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. 
Uncle Vernon: He will not be going! We swore when we took him in that we would put a stop to all of this rubbish! 
Harry: You knew? You knew all along and you never told me? 
Aunt Petunia: Of course we knew. How could you not be? My perfect being who she was. Oh I remember the day she got her letter. My parents were so proud. We have a witch in the family. Isn't it wonderful? I was the only one who saw her for what she was… a freak. And then she met that Potter, and then she had you and I knew you would be the same just as strange just as abnormal. And then, if you please, she got herself blown up, and we got landed with you. 
Harry: Blown up?! You told me my parents died in a car crash! 
Hagrid: A car crash? A car crash killed Lily and James Potter? 
Aunt Petunia: We had to say something! 
Hagrid: It's an outrage. It's a scandal. 
Uncle Vernon: He will not be going. 
Hagrid: Oh and I suppose a great Muggle like yourself is gonna stop him. 
Harry: Muggle? 
Hagrid: Non- magic folk. This boy's had his name down since he were born. He's going to the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. And he'll be under the finest headmaster that Hogwarts has ever seen, Albus Dumbledore… 
Uncle Vernon: I will not pay to have some crack pot old fool teach him magic tricks! 
Hagrid: (He whips out his pink umbrella) Never insult Albus Dumbledore in front of me… (He spots that Dudley is eating Harry’s cake and points the umbrella at him. Suddenly Dudley has a pig’s tail growing out of his rear end. All 3 Dursley’s scream and run upstairs. He turns back to Harry.) I'd appreciate it if you didn't tell anyone at Hogwarts about that. Strictly speaking I'm not supposed to do magic. 
Harry: OK 
Hagrid: We're a bit behind schedule. Best be off. Unless you'd rather stay, of course. (He heads for the door.) 
(London) 
(Harry and Hagrid walk along. Harry is looking at his school supply list.) 
Harry: (reading) All students must be equipped with a one standard size two pewter cauldron, and may bring, if they desire, either an owl, a cat, or a toad. (to Hagrid) Can we find all this in London? 
Hagrid: If you know where to go. 
(He motions to The Leaky Cauldron.) 
(The Leaky Cauldron) 
(Hagrid and Harry enter the dimly lit tavern.) 
Tom (Bartender): Ah, Hagrid the usual I presume. 
Hagrid: No thanks Tom, I'm on official Hogwarts business. Just helping young Harry buy his school business. 
Tom: Bless my soul, it's Harry Potter. 
Man: Welcome back Mr. Potter welcome back. 
Doris: Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter. I can't believe I'm meeting you at last. 
Prof. Quirrell: Harry P-p-potter. C-can't tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you. 
Hagrid: Hello, professor I didn't see you there. Harry Professor Quirrell will be your defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. 
Harry: Oh, nice to meet you. 
(He holds out his hand, but Quirrell avoids taking it.) 
Quirrell: A fearfully fascinating subject. N-not that you need it, eh, P-potter? 
Hagrid: Yes, well must be going now. Lots to buy. 
Harry: Good bye. 
Hagrid: See, Harry? You're famous. 
(Alley) 
(Hagrid and Harry walk into an alley just behind The Leaky Cauldron.) 
Harry: But why am I famous Hagrid? All those people back there how is it they know who I am? 
Hagrid: I'm not exactly sure I'm the right person to tell you that, Harry. (He pulls out his umbrella and taps a few bricks on the wall. The bricks begin to move, forming an opening to walk through.) Welcome Harry, to Diagon Alley. 
(Diagon Alley) 
(Hagrid points out various shops to Harry.) 
Hagrid: (points to Flourish and Blotts) That's where you get your quills and ink. Over there, all your bits and bobs for doing wizardry. 
(They pass by a broom shop with the new Nimbus 2000 in the window.) 
Child1: It's a world class racing broom. 
Child2: Wow! Look at it the new Nimbus 2000! It's the fastest model yet! 
Harry: But Hagrid how am I to pay for all this? I haven't any money. 
Hagrid: (points to a building) Well there's your money Harry! Gringotts, the wizard bank! Ain't no safer place, not one! 'Cept perhaps Hogwarts. 
(Gringotts) 
(Hagrid and Harry walk along the main corridor. On either side of them goblins are hard at work.) 
Harry: Hagrid what exactly are these things? 
Hagrid: They're goblins Harry. Clever as they come the goblins, but not the most friendly of beasts. Best stay close. (They reach the main desk where the head goblin sits.) Mr. Harry Potter wishes to make a withdrawal 
Head Goblin: (sets down his quill) And does Mr. Harry Potter have his key? 
Hagrid: Wait a minute. Got it here somewhere. Ha! There's the little devil. Oh, and there's something else as well. Professor Dumbledore gave me this. (He hands the goblin a piece of paper.) It's about You- Know- What in vault you know which. 
Head Goblin: Very well. 
(Vault 687) 
(Harry, Hagrid, and Griphook arrive at Harry’s vault. Griphook climbs out of the cart.) 
Griphook: Vault 687. Lamp please. (Hagrid hands him the lamp.) Key, please. (Hagrid hands him the key.) 
(Griphook opens the vault and Harry is shocked to find out how much money he has.) 
Hagrid: Didn't think your mum and dad would leave you with nothing now did you? 
(Vault 713) 
(They now arrive at Hagrid’s vault.) 
Griphook: Vault 713. 
Harry: What's in there Hagrid? 
Hagrid: Can't tell you Harry. Hogwarts business. Very secret. 
Griphook: Stand back. 
(Griphook runs his finger along the outside of the vault, which unlocks all the locks on the inside. The vault door opens and Hagrid steps inside. He picks up a small package that sits alone on the floor.) 
Hagrid: Best not to mention this to anyone Harry. 
(Diagon Alley) 
(Later our boys are walking along the throng of people and Harry is checking his school supply list again.) 
Harry: I still need... a wand. 
Hagrid: A wand? (points) Well, you want Ollivander's. There ain't no place better. Why don't you run along and wait. I got one more thing to do. Won't be long. 
(Ollivander’s) 
(Harry enters alone and looks around the dusty shop.) 
Harry: Hello? Hello? 
(An elderly man comes into view.) 
Mr. Ollivander: I wondered when I'd be seeing you Mr. Potter. It seems only yesterday that you mother and father were in here buying their first wands. (picks out a box) Here we are. (He opens the box and takes out the wand and hands it to Harry who holds it.) Well give it a wave. (Harry gives it a wave and a vase explodes. Harry sets the wand down very quickly.) Apparently not. Perhaps this. . (Harry gives it a wave and several shelves shoot out of a cabinet. Harry quickly sets the wand down.) NO, no definitely not. No matter. (He goes and pulls out another wand.) I wonder… (He hand it to Harry and Harry is suddenly surrounded by a yellowish light. He takes the wand back from Harry.) Curious... very curious. (He begins to box up the wand.) 
Harry: Sorry but what's curious 
Mr. Ollivander: I remember every wand that I've sold Mr. Potter, every one. It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather resides in your wand, gave another feather. Just one other. It is curious that you should be destined for this wand when its brother gave you that scar. 
Harry: And who owned that wand? 
Mr. Ollivander: We do not speak his name. The wand chooses the wizard Mr. Potter. It is not always clear why. But I think it is clear that we can expect great things from you. After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things. Terrible, yes, but great. 
Hagrid: Harry! (Harry looks and sees Hagrid through the window holding up a cage with a snowy owl in it.) Harry! Happy Birthday! 
Harry: Whoa! 
(The Leaky Cauldron) 
(Harry and Hagrid are done with Harry’s school shopping and are having dinner.) 
Hagrid: You all right Harry? You seem very quiet. 
Harry: He killed my parents didn't he? The one who gave me this. You know Hagrid. I know you do. 
Hagrid: First and understand this Harry because it's very important. Not all wizards are good. Some of them go bad. A few years ago one of them went as bad as you can go. His name was V--. His name was V--. 
Harry: Well maybe if you wrote it down? 
Hagrid: Naw I can't spell it. (whispers) All right, Voldemort. 
Harry: Voldemort? 
Hagrid: Shh. It was dark times Harry, dark times. Voldemort started to gather some followers. Brought them over to the Dark Side. Anyone who stood up to him ended up dead. Your parents fought against him. Nobody lived once he decided to kill them. Nobody, not one. Except you. 
Harry: Me? Voldemort tried to kill me? 
Hagrid: Yes. That ain't no ordinary cut on your forehead Harry. A mark from that only comes from being touched by a curse, an evil curse at that. 
Harry: What happened to V--… To You-Know-Who? 
Hagrid: Well some say he died. Codswallop in my opinion. Nope, I reckon he's out there still too tired to carry on. But one thing's absolutely certain. Something about you stumped him that night. That's why you're famous. That's why everybody knows your name. You're the boy who lived. 
(London Train Station) 
(Hagrid and Harry walk along an airbridge toward the trains. They to make an odd pair, as Hagrid stands about 3 times taller than Harry.) 
Hagrid: (to Muggle) What are you looking at? (looks at his watch) Blimey is that time? Sorry Harry, but I'm gonna have to leave you. Dumbledore would be wanting his… Well, he'd be wanting to see me. Now, your train leaves in 10 minutes. Here's your ticket. Stick to it Harry, that's very important. Stick to you ticket. 
Harry: (looks down at his ticket) Platform 9 ¾? But, Hagrid, there must be a mistake. This says Platform 9 ¾. There's no such thing. Is there? (He looks up but Hagrid is gone.)
(Train Platform) Platform Agent: (to man) Sorry. 
Harry: Excuse me! Excuse me! 
Platform Agent: (to woman) On your left. 
Harry: Excuse me sir. Can you tell me where I might find Platform 9 ¾? 
Platform Agent: 9 ¾? Think you're being funny do you? 
Mrs. Weasley: It's the same every year packed with Muggles of course. Come on! 
Harry: Muggles? 
(Harry follows the woman. She has red hair and is surrounded by 5 red headed children. Two of the boys are twins.) 
Mrs. Weasley: Platform 9 ¾ this way! All right Percy you first. (Percy runs through the wall between platforms 9 and 10 and disappears. Harry gasps.) Fred you next. 
George: He's not Fred I am! 
Fred: Honestly, woman you call yourself our mother! 
Mrs. Weasley: I'm sorry George. 
Fred: Only joking! I am Fred. 
(Fred and George run through the barrier.) 
Harry: (walking up) Excuse me! Could you tell me how to…
Mrs. Weasley: How to get on to the platform? Yes, not to worry dear, it's Ron's first time to Hogwarts as well. Now, all you have to do is walk straight at the wall between platforms 9 and 10. Best do it at a run if you're nervous. 
Ginny: Good luck! 
(Hogwarts Express) 
(Harry sits in a cabin by himself. The youngest red headed boy, Ron, comes up to the door.) 
Ron: Excuse me, do you mind? Every where else is full. 
Harry: Not at all. 
(Ron sits down across from Harry.) 
Ron: I'm Ron by the way! Ron Weasley. 
Harry: I'm Harry. Harry Potter. 
Ron: SO it's true! DO you really have the… the… 
Harry: The what? 
Ron: The scar? 
Harry: Oh! (He holds up his bangs so Ron can see the scar.) 
Ron: Wicked! 
(An elderly witch pulls up outside in the corridor pushing a trolley that’s brimming with food.) 
Witch: Anything off the trolley dears? 
Ron: No, thanks, I'm all set. (Holds up a sandwich.) 
Harry: We'll take the lot! (Pulls a handful of coins from his pocket.) 
Ron: Woah! 
(Later) 
(The boys are surrounded by foods of every kind. Harry picks up a box.) 
Harry: Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans? 
Ron: They mean every flavor! There's chocolate, peppermint and also, spinach liver, and tripe. George sweared he got boogie flavored one once. 
Harry: These aren't real frogs are they? 
Ron: It's just a spell. But it's the cards you want. Each pack's got a famous witch or wizard. I got about 500 me self. (Harry opens the box and the chocolate frog jumps out.) Watch it! (The frog jumps onto the window and then flings himself out.) That's rotten luck. They've only got one good jump in them to begin with. 
Harry: (looks at his card) I've got Dumbledore! 
Ron: I've got about 6 of him. 
Harry: Hey, he's gone! 
Ron: Well you can't expect him to hang around all day, can you? This is Scabbers by the way. Pathetic isn't he? 
Harry: Just a little bit. 
Ron: Fred gave me a spell as to turn him yellow. Want to see? 
Harry: Yeah! 
Ron: Ahem… Sunshine… 
(A girl about their age walks up to the doorway and interrupts. She glances around the cabin and then sighs.) 
Hermione: Has anyone seen a toad? A boy named Neville's has one. 
Ron: No. 
Hermione: Oh are you doing magic? Let's see then. 
Ron: Ahem. Sunshine Daisies Butter Mellow Turn this stupid fat rat yellow. 
(The rat stays the same color and the only thing that happens is that the box he was nosing around in shoots off.) 
Hermione: Are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good is it? Of course, I've only tried a few simple ones myself but they've all worked for me. (She goes to sit across from Harry.) For example: Oculus Reparo. (The break in Harry’s glasses fixes itself. The boys look at each other in shock.) That's better isn't it? Holy cricket! You're Harry Potter! I'm Hermione Granger. And you are…? 
Ron: I'm Ron Weasley. 
Hermione: Pleasure. You two better change into your robes. I expect we'll be arriving soon. (She goes to leave, but turns back.) You've dirt on your nose by the way. (points to a spot on her nose) Just there. 
(Hogwarts Platform) 
(All the students on board disembark.) 
Hagrid: Right then. First years this way, please! First years, don't be shy. Come on now, hurry up! Hello Harry! 
Harry: Hi Hagrid! 
Ron: (looking up at Hagrid) Woah! 
Hagrid: Right, then. This way to the boats. Come on now, follow me. 
(The Lake) 
(The First Years always take boats to the castle. Ron and Harry are in a boat together. They look up in amazement at Hogwarts.) 
Ron: Wicked! 
(The Castle – Corridor) 
(The first years all file into a corridor outside the Main Hall. Professor McGonagall meets them there.) 
McGonagall: Welcome to Hogwarts. Now, in a few moments you will pass through these doors and join your classmates. But before you take your seats, you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Now while you're here your house will be like your family. Your triumphs will earn you points. Any rule breaking and you will loose points. At the end of the year, the houses with the most points is awarded the house cup. 
(She looks down as a toad begins to croak.) 
Neville: Trevor! (McGonagall gives him a look.) Sorry. (He takes Trevor and goes back to his place.) 
McGonagall: The Sorting Ceremony will begin momentarily. (She leaves.) 
Draco Malfoy: It's true then, what they're saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts. 
All: Harry Potter? 
Malfoy: This is Crabbe and Goyle. And I'm Malfoy. Draco Malfoy. (Ron covers up a laugh.) Think my name's funny do you? No need to ask yours. Red hair and a hand-me-down robe? You must be a Weasley. You'll soon find out that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. You don't want to making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there. 
(Malfoy holds out his hand for Harry to shake, but Harry doesn’t take it.) 
Harry: I think I can tell the wrong sort for my self thanks. 
McGonagall: We're ready for you. Follow me. 
(McGonagall walks up again and taps Malfoy on the shoulder. He goes back to his place after shooting Harry a dirty look.) 
(Great Hall) 
(All the first years file in after McGonagall. Candles float in midair, and the ceiling looks like the night sky. All the other students watch them file in.) 
Hermione: (to girl) It's not real the ceiling. It's just bewitched to look like the night outside. I read about it in Hogwarts, A History. 
(They reach the front of the Hall where all the teachers sit at a long table. They come to a stop and McGonagall goes up the few steps to stand beside a stool with a hat on it.) 
McGonagall: Will you wait along here please. Now before we begin, Professor Dumbledore would like to say a few words. 
Dumbledore: (stands) I have a few start-of-term notices I wish to announce. The first years please note, that the Dark Forest is strictly forbidden to all students. Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch, has asked me to remind you that the third floor corridor on the right hand side is out of bounds to all who do not wish to die a most painful death. Thank you. (He sits down.) 
(McGonagall picks up the hat off the stool and looks at a list of names in her other hand.) 
McGonagall: When I call your name you will come forth, I shall place the Sorting Hat on your head, and you will be sorted into your houses. Hermione Granger! 
Hermione: (to herself) Oh, no. OK relax. 
(She goes up to the stool.) 
Ron: Mental that one, I'm telling you. 
(Hermione sits and McGonagall puts the hat on her head.) 
Sorting Hat: Ah, right then. Hum… Right. Okay, Gryffindor! 
(Hermione smiles and goes to join the other Gryffindor’s.) 
McGonagall: Draco Malfoy! 
(Draco goes to the stool and the hat just barely touches his head before shouting out a House.) 
Sorting Hat: Slytherin! 
(Draco smiles and goes to the Slytherin table.) 
Ron: (to Harry) There's no witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin. 
McGonagall: Susan Bones! 
(As Harry looks at one of the professors talking to Quirrell his scar begins to hurt.) 
Harry: Ow! 
Ron: Harry what is it? 
Harry: Nothing. Nothing, I'm fine 
Sorting Hat: …where shall I put you? Let's see... I know! Hufflepuff! 
(Susan goes over to the Hufflepuff table.) 
McGonagall: Ronald Weasley! 
(Ron nervously goes to sit on the stool and the hat is placed on his head.) 
Sorting Hat: Ha! Another Weasley! I know just what to do with you… Gryffindor! 
(Ron sighs with relief and goes to sit with Hermione and his brothers.) 
McGonagall: Harry Potter. 
(The Hall comes alive with students trying to get a look at Harry as he goes to sit on the stool. McGonagall places that hat on his head.) 
Sorting Hat: Hmmm… Difficult, very difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. There's talent, oh yes, and a thirst to prove yourself. But where to put you… 
Harry: (quietly) Not Slytherin, not Slytherin! 
Sorting Hat: Not Slytherin eh? Are you sure? You could be great you know. It's all herein your head. And Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, there's no doubt about that. No?
Harry: (whispering) Please, Please anything but Slytherin, anything but Slytherin. 
Sorting Hat: Well if you're sure, better be… Gryffindor! 
(Amid lots of cheers from the Gryffindor table Harry goes to join them.) 
Fred & George: We got Potter! We got Potter! 
(Later, all the first years have been sorted, and McGonagall calls for attention.) 
McGonagall: Your attention please. 
Dumbledore: Let the feast begin! 
(Suddenly the plates before everyone are filled with food, and they all dig in.) 
(Gryffindor Table) 
Harry: Wow! 
Seamus: I'm half and half. Me dad's a Muggle, mam's a witch. Bit of a nasty shock for him when he found out! 
Harry: Say Percy, who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell? 
Percy: Oh, Professor Snape, head of Slytherin house. 
Harry: What's he teach? 
Percy: Potions. But everyone knows it's the Dark Arts he fancies. He's been after Quirrell's job for years. 
(Suddenly a ghost pops through the table.) 
Ron: Ah! 
Nearly Headless Nick: Hello! How are you? Welcome to Gryffindor. 
(The Hogwarts ghosts enter the Hall.) 
Girl: (os) It's the Bloody Baron! 
Percy: Hello, Sir Nicholas. Have a nice summer? 
Nearly Headless Nick: Dismal. Once again my request to join the Headless Hunt has been denied. 
Ron: I know you. You're Nearly Headless Nick. 
Nearly Headless Nick: I prefer Sir Nicholas if you don't mind. 
Hermione: "Nearly" headless? How can you be "nearly" headless? 
Nearly Headless Nick: Like this. 
(He lifts his head of, but a bit of his neck is still attached. Hermione grimaces.) 
Ron: Ah! 
(Corridor) 
(All of the students are filing to their own Common Rooms.) 
Percy: Gryffindors, follow me, please. Keep up. Thank-you. 
Prefect: (os) Ravenclaw follow me. This way. 
Percy: This is the most direct part to the dormitories. Oh, and keep an eye on the staircases, they like to change. Keep up please, and follow me. Quickly now, come on. Come on. 
(As the students walk up the stairs they notices that painting move.) 
Student1: That picture's moving! 
Student2: Look at that one. 
Student3: I think she fancies you. 
Student4: Look, look! 
Student5: Who's that girl? 
Painting: Welcome to Hogwarts! 
(Corridor) 
(The Gryffindor’s have reached the outside of their Common Room. There is a painting of a somewhat large woman wearing a pink dress in front of the opening.) 
Fat Lady Portrait: Password? 
Percy: Caput Draconis. (The Fat Lady nods her head and the Portrait Hole swings open.) Follow me, everyone. Keep up. 
(Gryffindor Common Room) 
Percy: Quickly, come on! Gather around here. Welcome to the Gryffindor common room. Boys' dormitories is upstairs and down to your left. Girls the same on your right. You'll find all your belonging have already been brought up. 
(Boys Dormitory) 
(All the other boys are asleep but Harry sits looking out the window.) 
(Transfiguration Class – Day) 
(All the students are working quietly as a grey tabby cat sitting on the teachers desk watches them. Harry and Ron rush in, gasping for breath.) 
Ron: Whew! We made it! Can you imagine the look on McGonagall's face if we were late? (Suddenly the cat hops off the desk and morphs into McGonagall.) That was bloody brilliant! 
McGonagall: Thank-you for that assessment Mr. Weasley. Perhaps it would be more useful if I transfigured Mr. Potter and yourself into a pocket watch. That way one of you might be on time. 
Harry: We got lost. 
McGonagall: Then perhaps a map? I trust you don't need one to find your seats. 
(Potions Class) 
(Slytherin and Gryffindor students chat amongst themselves but quickly come to a stop when Snape bursts into the room.) 
Snape: There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is potion making. However, for those select few who possess the predisposition. (Harry begins to take notes.) I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I show you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even put a stopper in death. Then again maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confident enough to not pay attention. (Hermione nudges Harry so that he looks up.) Mr. Potter, our new celebrity. Tell me, what would I get if I added root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood? You don't know? Well let's try again. Where Mr. Potter would you look if I asked you to find me a bezoar? 
Harry: I don't know, sir. 
Snape: And what is the difference between monkswood and wolfsbane? 
Harry: I don't know sir. 
Snape: Pity. Clearly fame isn't everything. Is it Mr. Potter? 
(Great Hall – Gryffindor Table) 
Seamus: (pointing his wand at a cup) Eye of rabbit, harp sting hum, turn this water into rum… Eye of rabbit harp sting hum, turn this water into rum. 
Harry: What's Seamus trying to do to that glass of water? 
Ron: Turn it to rum. Actually he managed to make weak tea yesterday, before--- (Suddenly Seamus’s wand goes off and Seamus ends up covered in soot. As the others try not to laugh the Hall is suddenly flooded with owls delivering mail.) Ah, mail's here. 
(Ron receives a package and a copy of The Daily Prophet.) 
Harry: (picks up the newspaper) Can I burrow this? (Ron nods.) Thanks. 
(Neville holds a Rememberall in his hand. The smoke inside is white.) 
Boy: Hey look! Neville's got a Remembrall. 
Hermione: I've read about those. When the smoke turns red it means you've forgotten something. 
(As she speaks the smoke inside the Rememberall suddenly turns red.) 
Neville: The only problem is I can't remember what I have forgotten. 
(Harry reads the front page of the newspaper.) 
Harry: Hey Ron, somebody broke into Gringotts. Listen: "Believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown, Gringotts goblins were acknowledging the breach insist nothing was taken. The vault in question number 713 had been emptied earlier that very same day." That's odd. That's the vault Hagrid and I went to. 
(They exchange a look with Hermione.) 
(Flying Class – The Field) 
(Gryffindor and Slytherin students are gathered around the field with broomsticks laying beside them.) 
Madame Hooch: Good afternoon, class. 
All: Good afternoon Madame Hooch. 
Madame Hooch: Good afternoon Amanda, good afternoon. Welcome to your first flying lesson. Well what are you waiting for? Everyone step up to the left side of their broomstick. Come on now, hurry up. Stick your right hand over the broom and say up. 
All: Up! Up! 
(Harry’s broom jumps up into his hand immediately.) 
Harry: Woah! 
Malfoy: Up. (His broom jumps up into his hand and he smiles smugly.) 
Ron: Up. Up! (His broom doesn’t move.) 
Madame Hooch: With feeling! 
Hermione: Up. Up! Up. Up! (She gets frustrated as her broom does nothing.) 
Ron: UP! (The broom flies up and hits him in the head.) Ow! (Harry chuckles.) Shut up Harry. 
Madame Hooch: Now once you've got hold of your broom, I want you to mount it. Grip it tight. You don't wanna be sliding off the end. When I blow my whistle, I want each of you to kick off from the ground, hard. Keep your broom steady, hover for a moment, then lean forward slightly and touch back down. On my whistle. Three, two… Mr. Longbottom. Mr. Mr. Mr. Longbottom! 
Students: Down! Down! 
Harry: Neville! 
Neville: Help! Help! 
Madame Hooch: Come back down this instant! Mr. Longbottom! Everyone out of the way! 
Hermione: Is he alright? 
Neville: Ow! 
Madame Hooch: Oh oh oh. Oh dear, it's a broken wrist. Poor boy. Come on now, up you get. Everyone is to keep their feet firmly on the ground while I take Mr. Longbottom to the hospital wing. Understand? If I see a single broom in the air the one riding it will find themselves out of Hogwarts before they can say "Quidditch". 
Malfoy: Did you see his face? If the fat lump had given this a squeeze he would remember to fall on his fat ass. 
Harry: Give it here Malfoy. 
Malfoy: No, I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find. How about on the roof? (He flies up.) What's the matter Potter? Bit beyond you reach? 
(Harry mounts his broom but is stopped from taking off by Hermione.) 
Hermione: Harry! No way! You heard what Madame Hooch said. Besides you don't even know how to fly! (Harry flies up.) What an idiot! 
(Harry flies level to Malfoy.) 
Harry: Give it here Malfoy or I'll knock you off your broom! 
Malfoy: Is that so? Have it your way, then! (He throws the Rememberall as far as he can.) 
(Harry takes off after it, flying like a pro. He catches it just outside of McGonagall’s window. He then returns to the ground.) 
Gryffindor’s: Yeah! Nice going, Harry! That was wicked Harry! 
McGonagall: (walking up) Harry Potter! Follow me. 
(Corridor outside Defense Against The Dark Arts Classroom) 
McGonagall: You wait here. 
Quirrell: … this is an ingredient… 
McGonagall: Professor Quirrell, excuse me, excuse me could I borrow Wood for a moment, please? 
Quirrell: Well, yes of course. 
(A tall fifteen year old boy joins McGonagall in the hall.) 
McGonagall: Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood I have found you a Seeker. 
(Corridor) 
(Nearly Headless Nick walks along with another ghost.) 
Nearly Headless Nick: Have you heard Harry Potter's the new Gryffindor Seeker. I always knew he'd do well. 
(Harry and Ron come walking up the corridor.) 
Ron: Seeker? But first years never make the house teams. You must be the youngest Quidditch player in… 
Harry: A century. According to McGonagall. 
Fred: (walking up with George) Well dome Harry! Wood's just told us! 
Ron: Fred and George are on the team too. Beaters. 
George: Our job is to make sure that you don't get bloody up too bad. Can't make any promises of course. Rough game Quidditch. 
Fred: Brutal! But, nobody's died in years. Someone vanishes occasionally. 
(Harry and Ron exit out into the Quad.) 
George: But they'll turn up in a month or two! 
(The Quad) 
(As the boys walk Hermione comes up to join them.) 
Ron: Oh go on Harry! Quidditch is great. Best game there is, and you'll be great too! 
Harry: But I've never even played Quidditch! What if I make a fool of myself? 
Hermione: You won't make a fool of yourself. It's in your blood. 
(Corridor) 
(The three of them walk up to a trophy case and Hermione points at a plaque. It states that James Potter was a seeker.) 
Ron: Woah! Harry, you never told me your father was a seeker too! 
Harry: I didn't know. 
(A few minutes later the three of them are making their way back to the Gryffindor Common Room.) 
Ron: I'm telling you, it's spooky! She knows move about you than you do! 
Harry: Who doesn't? (They hang on as the stairs begin to move.) What's happening? 
Hermione: The staircases change remember? 
Harry: Let's go this way. 
Ron: Before the staircase moves again. (looking around another empty corridor) Does anybody feel like we shouldn't be here? 
Hermione: We're not supposed to be here. This is the third floor. It's forbidden! 
Harry: Let's go. 
(They turn to go back out the door, but Mrs. Norris shows up and meow’s at them.) 
Hermione: Flich's cat! 
Harry: Run! Quick, let's hide through that door! (He tries the door.) t's locked! 
Ron: That's it we're done for! 
Hermione: Oh! Move over! (She whips out her wand and points it at the lock.) Alohomora! (The door opens.) Get in! 
(Third Floor Room) 
(They quickly go into the room and shut the door behind them.) 
Ron: Alohomora? 
Hermione: Standard Book Of Spells- Chapter 7! 
(Corridor) 
Filch: Any one here my sweet? (He looks around but sees nothing.) Come on. (He leaves) 
(Room) 
Hermione: He thinks this door is locked. 
Ron: He thinks this door is locked. 
Hermione: It was locked. 
Harry: (turns) And for good reason. 
(Ron and Hermione turn to see what Harry’s looking at and it’s a huge three-headed dog. The dog slowly wakes up and growls at them. The kids scream and bolt for the door. The dog lunges at them, but they manage to get out the door and shut it behind them.) 
(Corridor) 
Ron: What do they think they're doing? Keeping a thing like that locked up in a school? 
Hermione: You don't use your eyes do you? Didn't you see what it was standing on? 
Ron: I wasn't looking at its feet! I was a bit preoccupied with its heads. Or maybe you didn't notice… the three! 
Hermione: It was standing on a trap door. It wasn't there by accident. It's guarding something. 
Harry: Guarding something? 
Hermione: That's right. Now, if you two don't mind, I'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get killed or worse… expelled. (She flounces off.) 
Ron: She needs to sort out her priorities. 
(The Field) 
(Harry and Wood head out onto the field carrying a wooden box. They set it down and Wood turns to Harry.) 
Wood: Quidditch is easy enough to understand. Each team has 7 players. Three Chasers, two Beaters, one Keeper and a Seeker, that's you. There are three kinds of balls. (He opens the box and takes out a ball. He tosses the ball to Harry.) This one's called the Quaffle. The Chasers handle the Quaffle and try to put it through one of those three hoops. The Keeper, that's me, defends the hoops. With me so far? 
Harry: I think so. (He sees two balls struggling to get out of their restraints.) What are those? 
Wood: (He hands Harry a club.) You better take this. (He lets one of the balls out.) Careful now, it's coming back. (Harry hits it with the club and knocks it a fair distance.) Not bad Potter, you'd make a fair Beater. (Sees the ball coming back towards them.) Uh-oh. (The ball hits him but he tackles it to the ground and gets it back in the box.) 
Harry: What was that? 
Wood: Bludgers. Nasty little buggers. But you are a Seeker. The only thing I want you to worry about is this. (He opens a small compartment in the box and takes out a small, golden ball.) The Golden Snitch. 
Harry: (takes the ball) I like this ball. 
Wood: Eh, you like it now. But it's wicked fast and damn near impossible to see. 
Harry: What do I do with it? 
Wood: You catch it. Before the other team's Seeker. You catch this the game's over. You catch this, Potter, and we win. 
(The Snitch opens it wings.) 
Harry: Woah! 
(Charms Class) 
(Gryffindor and Slytherin are in class together. They are all seated with feathers in front of them. Professor Flitwick, a tiny little man is instructing them on how to levitate objects.) 
Flitwick: One of a wizard's most rudimental skill is levitation or the ability to make objects fly. Do you all have your feathers? Good. Now don't forget the nice wrist movement we've been practicing. Hum! The "Swish and Flick". Everyone, the "Swish and Flick". Good! Oh and annunciate! Wingardium Leviosa. Off you go then! 
All: Wingardium Leviosa; Wingardium Leviosa! 
Ron: Wingardium Leviosar! 
Hermione: No, stop stop stop! You're going to take someone's eye out! Besides, you're saying it wrong. It's Levi-o-sa, not Leviosar. 
Ron: You do it then if you're so clever. Go on, go on! 
Hermione: Wingardium Leviosa. (Her feather begins to fly.) 
Flitwick: Oh oh! Well done! See here everyone, Miss Granger's done it! Ho ho! Splendid! 
Seamus: Wingard-Leviosa; Wingard—Leviosa! 
Flitwick: Well done dear. (Seamus’s feather blows up.) OH! 
Harry: I think we're going to need another feather over here professor. 
(The Quad) 
Ron: "It's Levi-o-sa not Leviosar." She's a nightmare honestly! It's no wonder she hasn't got any friends! 
(Hermione rushes past them.) 
Harry: I think she heard you. 
(Great Hall – Gryffindor Table – Halloween) 
(The Hall is decorated with hundreds of pumpkins floating in midair.) 
Harry: Where's Hermione? 
Neville: Parvati Patil said she's wouldn't come out of the girl's bathroom. She said she's been there all afternoon, crying. 
(Suddenly Professor Quirrell bursts into the Hall.) 
Quirrell: Troll in the dungeon! Troll in the dungeon! Though you ought to know. 
(There is a pause, then everyone screams and rushes toward the exits.) 
Dumbledore: SILENCE! Everyone will please not panic! Now prefects please escort your house to the dormitories. Teachers will follow me to the dungeons. 
(In all the confusion Snape sneaks out a side door.) 
(Corridor) 
Percy: Gryffindors, keep up, please, and stay alert! 
Harry: How could a troll get in? 
Ron: Not on its own. Trolls are really stupid. Probably people playing jokes. What? 
Harry: (stops) Hermione! She doesn't know! 
(Another Corridor) 
(The boys walk along the hall and see the trolls shadow on another wall.) 
Ron: I think the troll's left the dungeon! 
Harry: It's going into the girl's bathroom. 
(Girls Bathroom) 
(Hermione comes out of the stall, wiping away tears, when she pauses and looks up to see the Troll. Harry and Ron come rushing in.) 
Harry: Hermione move! 
(Hermione dives for cover under the sinks, but the troll swings his club and smashes half of them.) 
Hermione: Help! Help! 
Ron: (throws something at the troll.) Hey, pea brain! 
Hermione: Ah! Help! 
(Harry jumps on the trolls back.) 
Harry: Woah! 
(Harry shoves his wand up the troll’s nose.) 
Ron: Ugh! 
(The troll grabs Harry by the foot and swings him of his back.) 
Harry: Do something! 
Ron: What? 
Harry: Anything! Hurry up! 
(Ron pulls out his wand.) 
Hermione: "Swish & Flick!" 
(The troll swings his club over his head to hit Harry.) 
Ron: Wingardium Leviosa! (The troll swings it’s arm down, but the club stays hovering over it’s head.) Cool. 
(Suddenly the club hits the troll on the head and he goes down. Hermione comes out from under the sinks.) 
Hermione: Is it dead? 
Harry: No just knocked out. (He pulls his wand out of the trolls nose.) Ugh. Troll boogies. 
(The kids jump as McGonagall, Snape, and Quirrell rush into the bathroom.) 
McGonagall: Oh my goodness! Explain yourselves both of you! 
Harry & Ron: Well what it is- 
Hermione: (interrupting) It's my fault Professor McGonagall 
McGonagall: Miss. Granger? 
Hermione: I went looking for the troll I've read about them and I though I could handle it. But I was wrong. If Harry and Ron hadn’t come and found me… I’d probably be dead. 
(Harry glances down and sees that Snape’s leg is bloody. Snape sees him looking and quickly covers up his leg.) 
McGonagall: Be that as it may, it was an extremely foolish thing to do. I would have expected more rational behavior on your part and am very disappointed in you Miss. Granger. Five points will be taken from Gryffindor for your serious lack of judgement. As for you two gentle I just hope you realize how fortunate you are. Not many first year students could take on a fully grown mountain troll and live to tell the tale. Five points will be awarded to each of you, for sheer dumb luck. 
Quirrell: Perhaps you ought to go. It might wake up. 
(Great Hall – Gryffindor Table – Morning) 
Ron: Take a bit of toast, mate. Go on. 
Hermione: Ron's right Harry, you're going to need your strength today. 
Harry: I'm not hungry. 
Snape: Good luck today, Potter. Then again, now that you've proven yourself against a troll, a little game of Quidditch should be easy work for you. Even if it is against Slytherin. (He limps away.) 
Harry: That explains the blood. 
Hermione: Blood? 
Harry: Listen, last night, I'm guessing Snape let the troll in as diversion so he could get past that three headed dog. But, he got bit, that's why he's limping. 
Hermione: But why would anyone go near that dog? 
Harry: The day I was at Gringotts, Hagrid took something out of one of the vaults. Said it was Hogwarts business, very secret. 
Hermione: So you're saying- - 
Harry: That's what the dog's guarding. That's what Snape wants. 
(Suddenly Hedwig comes flying in carrying a broom –shaped package. She drops it in front of Harry.) 
Hermione: A bit early for mail isn't it? 
Harry: But, I never get mail. 
Ron: Let's open it. 
(All three off them tear off the packaging paper.) 
Harry: It's a broomstick. 
Ron: It's not just a broomstick, Harry. It's a Nimbus 2000! 
Harry: But who--? 
(He glances up and sees that Hedwig has landed near McGonagall. McGonagall looks at him and smiles.) 
(Quidditch Field – Below The Stands) 
Wood: Scared, Harry? 
Harry: A little. 
Wood: It's alright. I felt the same way before my first game. 
Harry: What happened? 
Wood: I.. uh…I don't really remember… Took a Bludger to the head two minutes in. Woke in the hospital a week later. 
(On The Field) 
(The teams take flight.) 
(The Stands) 
Lee Jordan: Hello! Welcome to Hogwart's first Quidditch game of the season! Today's game: Slytherin vs. Gryffindor! The player take their positions as Madam Hooch steps onto the field to begin the game! 
Madame Hooch: Now, I want a nice clean game… from all of you. 
Lee: The Bludgers are up. Followed by the Golden Snitch. Remember the Snitch is worth 150 points. The Seeker who catches the Snitch ends the game. The Quaffle is released and the game begins! Anjelina Johnson scores! Ten points for Gryffindor! 
Hagrid: Well done! 
Lee: Slytherin takes the Quaffle. Bletchley passes to Captain Marcus Flint. Another ten points to Gryffindor! 
Marcus Flint: Give me that! Take that side! 
(Harry’s broomstick begins to buck wildly.) 
Hagrid: What's going on with Harry's broomstick? 
(Hermione looks through her binoculars and sees that Snape has his eyes on Harry and is muttering under his breath.) 
Hermione: (to Ron) It's Snape! He's jinxing the broom! 
Ron: Jinxing the broom?! What do we do? 
Hermione: Leave it to me! 
(The game continues as Harry fights to stay on his broom. He’s now hanging on by his fingertips.) 
Ron: Come on Hermione! 
(Hermione rushes over to where the teachers are sitting. She points her wand at Snape’s robes.) 
Hermione: Lacarnum Inflamarae. 
(A small bit of fire shoots out of her wand and sets Snape’s robes on fire.) 
Man: Fire! You're on fire! 
(As Snape tries to get the flames out he knocks over Quirrell. Harry manages to swing himself back onto his broom. His eye catches sight of the Snitch just as the Slytherin seeker does. They both go after it but the Slytherin seeker has to pull so he won’t crash. Harry, on his new broom, can go lower. He manages to pull up in time and continues after the Snitch.) 
Hagrid: Go, go, go, go! (Harry stands on his broom and makes his way to the very end, stretching out his hand to try and catch the Snitch. He then tumbles off his broom onto the sand.) Looks like he's gonna be sick! 
(Harry spits the Snitch out of his mouth.) 
Lee: He's got the Snitch! Harry Potter receives 150 points for catching the Snitch! 
Madame Hooch: Gryffindor wins! 
Hagrid: Yes! 
Gryffindor Students: Go Go Gryffindor! Go Go Gryffindor! Go Go Gryffindor! Go Go Gryffindor! 
(Outside the School) 
(Harry, Ron, & Hermione walk along, talking with Hagrid.) 
Hagrid: Nonsense! Why would Snape put a curse on Harry's broom? 
Harry: Who knows? Why was he trying to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween? 
Hagrid: Who told you about Fluffy? 
Ron: Fluffy? 
Hermione: That thing has a name? 
Hagrid: Well, of course, he's got a name! He's mine! I brought him off an Irish feller I met down at the pub last year. Then I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the--- 
Harry: Yes? 
Hagrid: I shouldn't have said that. No more questions! Don't ask anymore question! That's top- secret that is. 
Harry: But Hagrid, whatever Fluffy's guarding Snape's trying to steal it! 
Hagrid: Codswallop! Professor Snape is a Hogwarts teacher! 
Hermione: Hogwarts teacher or not I know a spell when I see one! I've read all about them. You've got to keep eye contact and Snape wasn't blinking! 
Harry: Exactly. 
Hagrid: Now listen to me, all three of you, you're meddling in things that ought not to be meddled in. It's dangerous! What that dog is guarding is strictly between Professor Dumbledore and Nicholas Flamel. 
Harry: Nicholas Flamel? 
Hagrid: I shouldn't have said that. I should not have said that. (walks off) 
Harry: Nicholas Flamel. Who's Nicholas Flamel? 
Hermione: I don't know. 
(Christmastime) 
(Corridor Outside Great Hall) 
(Hermione walks in with her luggage, looking around for Harry and Ron.) 
Hogwarts Ghosts: Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas. Ring the Hogwart bell. Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas. Cast a Christmas spell. 
(Great Hall) 
(Hermione spots Harry and Ron playing Wizard Chess at the Gryffindor table.) 
Harry: Knight to E-5. 
Ron: Queen to E-5. 
(The Queen walks over to E-5 and smashes the piece in that spot to bits.) 
Hermione: That's totally barbaric! 
Ron: That's wizard's chess. (looks at her bags) I see you've packed. 
Hermione: See you haven't. 
Ron: Change of plans. My parents have decided to go to Romania to visit my brother Charlie. He's studying dragons there. 
Hermione: Good. You can help Harry then. He's going to look in the library for information on Nicholas Flamel. 
Ron: We've looked a hundred times! 
Hermione: Not in the Restricted Section. Happy Christmas. (She leaves.) 
Ron: (to Harry) I think we've had a bad influence on her. 
(Gryffindor Tower – Christmas Day) 
Ron: (os) Harry wake up! Come on Harry! Wake up! (Harry wakes up and goes into the common room.) Happy Christmas Harry! 
Harry: Happy Christmas Ron! What are you wearing? 
Ron: Oh, my mum made it. (points to a package) Looks like you've got one too. 
Harry: I've got presents? 
Ron: Yeah! There they are. 
(Harry reaches for a box. He reads the card on it.) 
Harry: "Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well."? 
(He opens the box and takes out a cloak.) 
Ron: What is it? 
Harry: Some kind of cloak. 
Ron: Well let's see then! Put it on! (Harry puts it on and everything from his neck down disappears.) Woah! 
Harry: My body is gone! 
Ron: I know what that is! That's an Invisibility Cloak! 
Harry: I'm invisible? 
Ron: They're really rare. I wonder who gave it to you. 
Harry: There was no name. It just said, "Use it well." 
(Library – Restricted Section – Night) 
(Harry sneaks into the library using the Invisibility Cloak. He holds a lantern in his other hand.) 
Harry: Famous Fire Eaters. Fifteenth Century Fiends. Flamel. Nicholas Flamel. Where are you? 
(Harry sets the lantern down and reaches up to picks a likely book. He opens the book and it starts screaming at him. He slams the book shut but knocks over the lantern in the process.) 
Filch: (walking in) I know you're in there. You can't hide. Who is it? Show yourself! 
(Harry manages to sneak out without Filch seeing him.) 
(Corridor) 
(As Harry makes his way back to Gryffindor Tower he stumbles across Snape and Quirrell having an argument.) 
Quirrell: Severus I-I-I… 
Snape: You don't want me as your enemy Quirrell. 
(Snape hears Harry’s breathing under the cloak and reaches out a hand to see what’s there, but Harry backs up and so Snape’s hand touches nothing.) 
Quirrell: I don't know what you mean. 
Snape: (turning back to Quirrell) You know perfectly well what I mean. We'll have another little chat soon. When you've had time to decide where your loyalties lie. 
Filch: (walking up) Professors. (holds up the lantern) I found this in the Restricted Section. It's still hot. That means there's a student out of bed. 
(Empty Room) 
(Harry enters a mostly empty room, takes off the cloak, and looks around. He spots a mirror in one corner and goes over to investigate. As he stands looking in the mirror images of his mother and father appear behind him.) 
Harry: Mum, Dad? 
(Gryffindor Tower – Boys Room) 
(Harry comes running in and goes right over to Ron.) 
Harry: Ron! You've really gotta see this! Ron! You've gotta see this! Ron! Come on, get out of bed! 
Ron: Why? 
Harry: There's something you've got to see! Now, come on! Come on! Come! 
(Empty Room) 
(Harry and Ron enter the room using the cloak, but drop it as soon as they are inside. Harry drags Ron over to the mirror.) 
Harry: Come look! It's my parents! 
Ron: I only see us. 
Harry: Look in properly. Go on, stand there. (Places Ron directly in front of the mirror.) There. You see them don't you? That's--- 
Ron: That's me! Only, I'm Head Boy. And I'm holding the Quidditch Cup. And bloody hell! I'm Quidditch captain too! I look good! Harry, do you think this mirror shows the future? 
Harry: How can it? Both my parents are dead. 
(Later) 
(Harry has once again come to look into the mirror. Dumbledore appears behind him.) 
Dumbledore: Back again Harry? I see that you, like many others before you have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I trust now, you realize what it what it does. Let me give you a clue. The happiest man on earth would look in the mirror and only see himself exactly as he is. 
Harry: So then, it shows us what we want… Whatever we want? 
Dumbledore: Yes, and no. It shows us nothing more or less then the deepest and most desperate desires of our hearts. Now you Harry, who have never known your family you see them standing beside you. But remember this, Harry. This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away in front of it. Even gone mad. That is why tomorrow it will be moved to a new home. And I must ask you not to go looking for it again. It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live. 
(Day’s Later – Library) 
(The students have all returned from their Christmas vacation. Harry and Ron sit at a table as Hermione plops down a huge book in front of them.) 
Hermione: I had you looking in the wrong section! How could I be so stupid? I checked this out weeks ago for a bit of light reading! 
Ron: This is light? 
Hermione: Of course! (opens the book and looks) Here it is! "Nicholas Flamel is the only known maker of the Sorcerer's Stone 
Harry & Ron: The what? 
Hermione: Honestly don't you two read? "The Sorcerer's Stone is a legendary substance with astonishing powers. It will transform any metal into pure gold and produce the Elixir of Life which will make the drinker immortal." 
Ron: Immortal! 
Hermione: It means you'll never die. 
Ron: (irritated) I know what it means! (Harry shh’s him.) 
Hermione: The only stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicholas Flamel, the noted alchemist who last year celebrated his 665th birthday." That's what Fluffy's guarding on the third floor. That's what's under the trap door. The Sorcerer's Stone. 
(Hagrid’s Hut – Night) 
(Our trio bang on Hagrid’s door. Hagrid opens up to see who it is.) 
Harry: Hagrid! 
Hagrid: Oh, hello. I don't wish to be rude, but I'm in no fit state to entertain today. (starts to close the door) 
Harry, Ron, & Hermione: We know about the Sorcerer's Stone! 
Hagrid: (opens the door) Oh. 
(The three kids enter his hut.) 
Harry: We think Snape's trying to steal it. 
Hagrid: Snape? Blimey, you're still on about him, are you? 
Harry: Hagrid! We know he's after the Stone we just don't know why! 
Hagrid: Snape is one of the teachers protecting the Stone! He's not about to steal it. 
Harry: What? 
Hagrid: You heard. Right, now, come on, I'm a bit preoccupied today. 
Harry: Wait a minute! "One of the teachers"? 
Hermione: Of course! There are other things defending the Stone, aren't there? Spells, enchantments? 
Hagrid: Right. Waste of bloody time if you ask me. Ain't no one gonna get past Fluffy. Ain't a soul knows how, except me and Dumbledore. I shouldn't have told you that. I should not have told you that. 
(A noise comes from a pot that Hagrid has hanging over the fire. Hagrid goes and pulls an egg out of the pot.) 
Harry: Hagrid, what exactly is that? 
Hagrid: Oh, That? It's a…it's um… 
Ron: I know what that is! But Hagrid how did you get one? 
Hagrid: I won it! Off a stranger I met at the pub. Seemed quite glad to be rid of it, as a matter of fact. 
(All of a sudden chips of the egg begin to fly off as the dragon inside makes it’s way out.) 
Hermione: Is that…a dragon? 
Ron: That's not just a dragon! That's a Norwegian Ridgeback! My brother Charlie works with these in Romania. 
Hagrid: Isn't he beautiful? Oh bless him look, he knows his mummy! Hello Norbert! 
Harry: Norbert? 
Hagrid: Well he's gotta have a name don't he? Don't you Norbert? (Norbert sneezes and catches Hagrid’s beard on fire.) Te de de de de! Oh! Woah! He'll have to be trained up a bit of course. (Looks up and sees Malfoy looking in the window.) Who's that? 
Harry: Malfoy. 
Hagrid: Oh, dear. 
(School Corridor – Night) 
Harry: Hagrid always wanted a dragon. He told me so the first time I ever met him. 
Ron: It's crazy! And worse Malfoy knows. 
Hermione: I don't understand. Is that bad? 
Ron: It's bad. 
McGonagall: (walking up) Good evening. 
(Malfoy watches from behind her with a smug smile.) 
(Transfiguration Classroom – Night) 
McGonagall: Nothing I repeat nothing gives a student the right to walk about the school at night. Therefore as punishment for your actions, 50 points will be taken. 
Harry: 50! 
McGonagall: Each. And to ensure that it doesn't happen again all four of you will receive detention. 
Malfoy: Excuse me professor. Perhaps I heard you wrong. I thought you said the four of us. 
McGonagall: No you heard me correctly Mr. Malfoy. You see, honorable as your intentions were you too were out of bed after hours. You will join you classmates in detention. 
(The Next Night – Hagrid’s Hut) 
Filch: A pity they let the old punishments die. Was a time detention found you hanging by your thumbs in the dungeons. God, I'll miss the screaming. You'll be serving detention with Hagrid tonight. He's got a little job to do inside the Dark Forest. A sorry lot, this, Hagrid. (Sees that Hagrid is a bit teary.) Oh good God you're not still on about that bloody dragon now are you? 
Hagrid: Norbert's gone. Dumbledore sent him off to Romania to live in a colony. 
Hermione: Well, that's good isn't it? He'll be with his own kind. 
Hagrid: Yeah, but what if he don't like Romania? What if the other dragons are mean to him? He's only a baby after all. 
Filch: Oh, for God's sake pull yourself together man. You're going into the Forest after all. Got to have your wits about you. 
Malfoy: The Forest? I thought that was a joke. We can't go in there. Students aren't allowed. And there are… werewolves! 
Filch: Ah, there's more that werewolves in those trees, lad. You can be sure of that. Nighty- night. (walks off) 
Hagrid: Right, let's go. 
(The Forbidden Forest) 
(All 5 of them walk to the edge of the forest. Harry spots something on the ground.) 
Harry: Hagrid, what is that? 
Hagrid: What we're here for. See that? That's unicorn blood, that is. I found one dead a few weeks ago. Now, this one's been hurt bad by something. So, it's our job to go and find the poor beast. Ron, Hermione, you'll come with me. 
Ron: Okay… 
Hagrid: And Harry, you'll go with Malfoy. 
Malfoy: Okay, then I get Fang! 
Hagrid: Fine. Just so you know he's bloody coward. 
(Hagrid, Ron, and Hermione walk off.) 
Malfoy: Wait till my father hears about this! This is servant stuff. 
Harry: If I didn't know better Draco, I'd say you were scared. 
Malfoy: Scared Potter. Did you hear that? 
Harry: Come on Fang! 
Malfoy: Scared! 
Harry: What is it Fang? 
(He looks up and sees a hooded creature feeding off a unicorn.) 
Malfoy: AH! 
(Malfoy runs away with Fang. The creature flies over to where Harry stands and is about to attack him when a Centaur rushes up and scares him off. The Centaur turns to look at Harry.) 
Firenze: Harry Potter, you must leave. You are known to many creatures here. The Forest is not safe at this time. Especially for you. 
Harry: But what was that thing you saved me from? 
Firenze: A monstrous creature. It is a terrible crime to slay a unicorn. Drinking the blood of a unicorn will keep you alive even if you are an inch from death. But at a terrible price. For you have slain something so pure that the moment the blood touches your lips you have a half-life, a cursed life. 
Harry: But who would choose such a life? 
Firenze: Can you think of no one? 
Harry: You mean to say that thing that killed the unicorn, that was drinking its blood, that was Voldemort? 
Firenze: Do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment, Mr. Potter? 
Harry: The Sorcerer's Stone! 
(The others show up.) 
Hermione: Harry! 
Hagrid: Hello there Firenze. See you've met our young Mr. Potter. All right there Harry? 
Firenze: Harry Potter, this is where I leave you. You are safe now. Good luck. 
(Later) 
(Our Trio are making their way back to Gryffindor Tower.) 
Hermione: You mean, that You- Know- Who is out there right now in the Forest? 
Harry: But he's weak. He's living off of unicorns. Don't you see? We had it wrong! Snape doesn't want the Stone for himself. He wants the Stone for Voldemort. With the Elixir of Life, Voldemort will become strong again. He, he'll come back. 
Ron: But if he comes back, you don't think he'll try to kill you, do you? 
Harry: I think if he had his chance he would have tried to kill me tonight. 
Ron: And to think, I've been worrying about my Potions final. 
Hermione: Hang on a minute. We're forgetting one thing. Who's the one wizard Voldemort is always feared? Dumbledore. As long as Dumbledore's around, Harry, you're safe. As long as Dumbledore's around you can't be touched. 
(Outside the School – Near Hagrid’s Hut) 
(Harry, Ron, & Hermione walk along, looking just a bit worn out.) 
Hermione: I'd heard Hogwarts' final exams were frightful, but I found they're rather enjoyable. 
Ron: Speak for yourself. All right there Harry? 
Harry: My scar. It keeps burning. 
Hermione: It's happened before. 
Harry: Not like this. 
Ron: Perhaps you should see the nurse. 
Harry: I think it's a warning. It means danger's coming. (Spots Hagrid outside his hut.) Ah. Oh, Of Course. 
Hermione: What is it? 
Harry: Don't you think it's a bit odd that what Hagrid want more than anything is a dragon and a stranger turns up and just happens to have one? I mean, how many people wander around with dragon eggs in their pockets? Why didn't I see it before? (walking up to the Hut) Hagrid, who gave you that dragon egg? What did he look like? 
Hagrid: I dunno. I never saw his face. He kept his hood up. 
Harry: This stranger though, you and he must have talked. 
Hagrid: Well, he wanted to know what sort of creatures I looked after. And I told him, after Fluffy a dragon's gonna be no problem. 
Harry: Did he seem interested in Fluffy? 
Hagrid: Well of course he was interested in Fluffy! How often do you come across three headed dogs do you come across even if you're in the trade? But I told him, I said, I said, "The trick with any beast is to know how to calm him." Take Fluffy for example, just play him a bit of music and he falls straight asleep. I shouldn't have told you that. (The kids run off with worried looks on their faces.) Where are you going? Where are you---? 
(Transfiguration Classroom) 
(The kids come running up to McGonagall.) 
Harry: We have to see professor Dumbledore immediately! 
McGonagall: I’m afraid Professor Dumbledore’s not here. He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and left immediately for London. 
Harry: He’s gone! But this is important! This is about the Sorcerer’s Stone! 
McGonagall: (shocked) How did you know ---? 
Harry: Someone’s going to try to steal it! 
McGonagall: I don’t know how you three found out about the Stone but I assure you it is perfectly well protected. Now would you go back to your dormitories quietly. 
(Corridor) 
Harry: That was no stranger Hagrid met. It was Snape. Which means that he knows how to get past Fluffy. 
Hermione: And with Dumbledore gone--- 
Snape: (walking up) Good afternoon. Now, what would three young Gryffindors, such as yourselves be doing inside on a day like this? 
Hermione: We were… we were just--- 
Snape: You’d ought to be careful. People will think you’re up to something. (walks off) 
Hermione: Now what are we do? 
Harry: We go down the trap door, tonight. 
(Gryffindor Common Room – Night) 
(Our trio are preparing to sneak out when they hear Neville’s toad croaking. They look around and he’s seated on the arm of a chair faced away from them.) 
Harry: Trevor. 
Ron: Trevor, sh, go you shouldn’t be here! 
Neville: (getting up out of the chair) Neither should you. You’re sneaking out again aren’t you? 
Harry: Now Neville listen. We were… we were--- 
Neville: No I won’t let you! You’ll get Gryffindor into trouble again! I’ll, I’ll fight you! (puts his fists up to fight) Hermione: (pulls out her wand) Neville, I’m really really sorry about this. Petrificus totalus! 
(Suddenly Neville becomes fully petrified. He can’t move at all.) 
Ron: (to Hermione) You’re a little scary sometimes, you know that. Brilliant, but scary. 
Harry: Let’s go. (To Neville) Sorry. 
Hermione: (to Neville) Sorry. 
Ron: (to Neville) It’s for your own good you know. 
(Third Floor Corridor) 
Hermione: Ow! You stood on my foot! 
Ron: Sorry. 
Hermione: (points her wand at the lock) Alohomora. 
(Room) 
(The kids enter the room quietly, but the dog is already asleep. There is a harp playing in the corner.) 
Harry: Wait a minute. He’s snoring. Snape’s already been here. He’s put a spell on the harp. 
Ron: Ugh! It’s got horrible breath. 
Harry: We have to move its paw. 
Ron: What? 

(They move the dogs paw. Then they try to open the trap door.) Harry: Come on! Okay, push! (The trap door opens.) I’ll go first. Don’t follow me until I give you a sign. If something bad happens get yourselves out! (The music stops and the dog begins to wake up.) Does it seem a bit quiet to you? 
Hermione: The harp, it stopped playing. 
(The dog leans over them and it slobbers on Ron.) 
Ron: Ugh! Yuck! Ugh! 
(The dog prepares to attack them.) 
Harry: Jump! 
(All three of them jump.) 
(Another Room) 
(All 3 kids land on a plant of some kind.) 
Ron: Woah! Lucky this plant thing’s here really! (Suddenly the plant begins to tighten around them.) Woah! 
Hermione: Stop moving, both of you! This is Devil’s Snare. You have to relax! If you don’t it’ll only kill you faster! 
Ron: Kill us faster? Oh now I can relax! 
(Hermione relaxes and falls into the room under the plant.) 
Ron & Harry: Hermione! 
Ron: Oh now what are we going to do? 
Hermione: Just relax! 
Harry: Hermione where are you? 
Hermione: Do what I say! Trust me! 
(Harry relaxes and falls into the room under the plant.) 
Ron: Ah! Harry! Harry! 
Hermione: Are you okay? 
(While they talk Ron continues to yell for help.) 
Harry: Yeah, yeah I’m fine. 
Hermione: He’s not relaxing is he? 
Harry: Apparently not. 
Hermione: We’ve got to do something! 
Harry: What? 
Hermione: I remember reading something in Herbology. 
Ron: Help! 
Hermione: “Devil’s Snare Devil’s Snare it’s deadly fun; but will sulk in the sun.” That’s it! Devil’s Snare hates sunlight! Lumus Solem! 
(A huge beam of sunlight shoots from her wand and the plant shies away from it. Ron falls into the room underneath the plant.) 
Harry: Ron, are you okay? 
Ron: Yeah. Lucky we didn’t panic! 
Harry: Lucky Hermione pays attention in Herbology. 
(The Next Room) 
(They enter the room and look around. They hear a strange fluttery sound.) 
Hermione: What is that? 
Harry: I don’t know Sounds like wings. 
(They all look up and see about 100 winged creatures flying above them.) 
Hermione: Curious, I’ve never seen birds like these. 
Harry: (looks closer) They’re not birds they’re keys. And I’ll bet one of then fits that door. 
Hermione: What’s this all about? 
Harry: I don’t know. Strange. 
Ron: (tries the door) Alohomora! (Hermione gives him a look.) Well, it was worth a try. 
Hermione: What are we going to do? There must be a thousand keys up there! 
Ron: We’re looking for a big old fashioned one. Probably rusty like the handle. 
Harry: There! I see it! The one with the broken wing! 
(Harry walks over to a broom that hovers in the middle of the room, frowning.) 
Hermione: What’s wrong Harry? 
Harry: It is too simple. 
Ron: Oh, go on Harry! If Snape can catch it on that old broomstick, you can! You’re the youngest Seeker in a century! (Harry gets onto the broom and immediately all of the keys try to attack him.) This complicates things a bit! 
Harry: Catch the key! 
(Hermione catches the key and jams it into the lock.) 
Ron: Hurry up! 
(Hermione manages to get the door open and she and Ron rush through. Harry is flying up fast and manages to get through the door. They slam it behind him and all the keys hit the door, burying themselves in about halfway.) 
(The Chess Room) 
Hermione: (looking around) I don’t like this. I don’t like this at all. 
Harry: Where are we? A graveyard? 
Ron: This is no graveyard, it’s a chessboard. 
(They are surrounded by life size chess pieces.) 
Harry: There’s the door! 
(They move to towards the door, but the white pawns pull out swords and block the way.) 
Hermione: Now what do we do? 
Ron: Its obvious isn’t it? We’ve got to play our way across the room. All right, Harry, you take the empty bishop’s square. Hermione you’ll be the queen-side castle. As for me, I’ll be a knight. 
(They all take their positions.) 
Hermione: What happens now? 
Ron: Well, white moves first, and then we play. 
Hermione: Ron you don’t suppose this’ll be like real wizard’s chess do you? 
Ron: (thinks, then points to a pawn) You there D-5. (The pawn moves an one of the other pieces smashes it to bits.) Yes Hermione I think this is gonna be exactly like wizard’s chess. Castle to E-4! Pawn to C-3! 
(The game plays on. Each team wins and loses pieces. Every time a piece is lost, the other side smashes it to bits. Until there are very few black pieces left. Harry spots that Ron is going to have to sacrifice himself.) 
Harry: Wait a minute. 
Ron: You understand right Harry. Once I make my move the queen will take me. Then you’re free to check the king. 
Harry: No. Ron no! 
Hermione: What is it? 
Harry: He is going to sacrifice himself! 
Hermione: No you can’t! There must be another way! 
Ron: Do you wanna stop Snape from getting that Stone or not? Harry, it’s you that has to go on. I know it! Not me! Not Hermione! You! Knight to H-3. (He moves) Check. (The Queen makes her move and smashes the horse he’s on to bits. Ron flies off and lands in a heap on the floor.) Ah! 
Harry: Ron! (Hermione makes like she’s going to go to Ron’s side.) No don’t move! Don’t forget we’re still playing! (Makes his move.) Checkmate! (The opposing King drops his sword. Harry and Hermione run over to Ron’s side.) Take care of Ron then go to the owlery. Send a message to Dumbledore. Ron’s right. I have to go on. 
Hermione: You’ll be okay Harry. You’re a great wizard. You really are. 
Harry: Not as good as you. 
Hermione: Me? Books, cleverness. There are more important things. Friendship and bravery. And Harry, just be careful. 
(Main Room) 
(Harry walks in and sees Quirrell gazing into the Mirror of Erised.) 
Harry: You? No it can’t be; Snape he was he was the one--- 
Quirrell: Yes he does seem the type doesn’t he? Next to him who would suspect p-p-poor st-st-stuttering Professor Quirrell? 
Harry: But that day, during the Quidditch match, Snape tried to kill me. 
Quirrell: Oh no dear boy, I tried to kill you! And trust me if Snape’s cloak hadn’t caught on fire and broken my eye contact I would have succeeded. Even with Snape muttering his little counter-curse. 
Harry: Snape was trying to save me? 
Quirrell: I knew you were a danger to me right from the off. Especially after Halloween. 
Harry: Then, then you let the troll in! 
Quirrell: Very good Potter yes. Snape unfortunately wasn’t fooled, when every one else was running about the dungeon Snape went to the third floor to head me of. He, of course, never trusted me again. He rarely left me alone. But he doesn’t understand, I’m never alone. Never. Now what does this mirror do? I see what I desire. I see myself holding the Stone. But how do I get it? 
Voldemort: (os) Use the boy. 
Quirrell: Come here Potter! (Harry walks over to him and Quirrell forces him to look into the mirror.) Now! Tell me what do you see? What is it what do you see? 
(Harry sees his mirror image smile at him. His images reaches into it’s pocket and pulls out the Stone, then puts it back in it’s pocket. Harry feels the real stone in his own pocket. He quickly comes up with a lie.) 
Harry: I’m shaking hands with Dumbledore. I’ve won the House Cup. 
Voldemort: (os) He lies. 
Quirrell: Tell the truth! What do you see? 
Voldemort: (os) Let me speak to him. 
Quirrell: Master you are not strong enough. 
Voldemort: (os) I have strength enough for this. (Quirrell unwraps the turban from his head and turns around. There, on the back of his head, is Voldemort.) Harry Potter, we meet again. 
Harry: Voldemort? 
Voldemort: Yes, you see what I have become? See what I must do to survive? Live off another. A mere parasite. Unicorn blood can sustain me but it cannot give me a body of my own. But there is something that can. Something that conveniently enough lies in your pocket. Stop him! Don’t be a fool! Why suffer a horrific death when you can join with me and live? 
Harry: Never! 
Voldemort: Bravery, your parents had it too. Tell me Harry would you like to see your mother and father again? Together we can bring them back. All I ask is for something in return. That’s it Harry. There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it. Together we'll do extraordinary things. Just give me the Stone! 
(Harry sees images of his parents in the Mirror.) 
Harry: You liar! 
Voldemort: Kill him! 
(Quirrell goes to attack Harry but his hands burn when he touches Harry’s skin.) 
Quirrell: What is this magic? 
(Harry realizes that Quirrell can’t touch him and so he rushes at Quirrell and places his hands on his face and won’t let go.) 
Voldemort: Fool get the Stone! 
(Quirrell turns into a pile of dust and Harry falls to the floor. Harry gets up, and turns around to look at what’s left of Quirrell. Voldemort’s spirit has been released from Quirrell’s body and it flies right at Harry, then through him, knocking him to the ground, unconscious. The Stone falls out of his hand.) 
(Hospital Wing) 
(Harry wakes up and looks around. He is in bed and surrounded by many, many get well gifts.) 
Dumbledore: (walking in) Good afternoon Harry. Tokens from your admirers. 
Harry: Admirers? 
Dumbledore: What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret. So naturally the whole school knows. Ah, I see that your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of opening your Chocolate Frogs. 
Harry: Ron was here? Is he alright? What about Hermione? 
Dumbledore: Fine. They're both just fine. 
Harry: But, what happened to the Stone? 
Dumbledore: Relax dear boy. The Stone has been destroyed. My friend Nicholas and I have had a little chat and agreed it was best all around. 
Harry: But then Flamel, he'll die won't he? 
Dumbledore: He has enough Elixir of Life to set his affairs in order. But yes, he will die. 
Harry: How is it I got the Stone sir? One minute I was there staring in the mirror and then the next--- 
Dumbledore: Ah, you see only a person who wanted to find the Stone, find it, but not use it would be able to get it. That is one of my more brilliant ideas. And between you and me that is saying something. 
Harry: Does that mean with the Stone gone that is, that Voldemort can never come back? 
Dumbledore: Ah, I'm afraid there are ways in which he can return. Harry do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to have you touch him? It was because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you. And that kind of act leaves a mark. No, no this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin. 
Harry: What is it? 
Dumbledore: Love Harry. Love. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans. I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit flavor one. Since then I'm afraid I've lost my liking for them. But I think I could be safe with a nice toffee. (takes a the bean and puts it in his mouth) Alas! Earwax! 
(Corridor) 
(Harry comes walking up and sees Ron and Hermione talking on the landing. Ron turns and sees him.) 
Harry: Alright there Ron? 
Ron: Alright. You? 
Harry: Alright. Hermione? 
Hermione: (smiles) Never better. 
(Harry smiles at both of them.) 
(Great Hall) 
Dumbledore: Another year gone. And now as I understand it, the House Cup needs awarding. And the points stand as thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor with 312 points. Third place, Hufflepuff with 352 points. In second place Ravenclaw with 426 points. And in first place, with 472 points, Slytherin House. 
Malfoy: (to boy) Nice one mate. 
Dumbledore: Yes, yes. Well-done Slytherin. Well-done Slytherin. However recent events must be taken into account. And I have a few last-minute points to award. To Miss. Hermione Granger, for the cool use of intellect when others were in grave peril. 50 points. (Everyone except the Slytherin table cheer.) Second, to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen these many years. 50 points. (More cheers.) And third, to Mr. Harry Potter, for pure nerve and outstanding courage. I award Gryffindor House 60 points. (Even more cheers.) 
Hermione: We're tied with Slytherin! 
Dumbledore: And finally, it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies. But a great deal more to stand up to your friends. I award 10 points to Neville Longbottom. (The Gryffindor table goes wild, and Neville is lost under a massive wave of hugs.) Assuming my calculations are correct I believe that a change of decoration is in order. Gryffindor wins the House Cup! 
(The decorations change from Slytherin colors to Gryffindor colors.) 
Hagrid: Yes! 
(Hogwarts Train Platform) 
(All the students board the Hogwarts Express.) 
Hagrid: Come on now. Hurry up, you'll be late! Train's leaving. Go on. Come on, hurry up. 
Hermione: Come on Harry. 
Harry: One minute. (Walks over to Hagrid.) 
Hagrid: Thought you were leaving without saying good-bye did you? This is for you. 
(Hagrid hands Harry a photo album. Harry opens it and sees many pictures of his parents smiling and waving at him.) 
Harry: Thanks Hagrid. 
Hagrid: Oh. Go on. On with you. On with you now. On with you. Oh, listen, Harry. If that dolt of a cousin of yours Dudley gives you any grief you can always um… threaten him, with a nice pair of ears to go with that tail of his. Harry: But Hagrid, we're not allowed to do magic away from Hogwarts. You know that. 
Hagrid: I know that. But your cousin don't, do he? 
(They hug, and Harry goes back to join Ron and Hermione as they board the train.) 
Hermione: Feels strange to be going home doesn't it? 
Harry: I'm not going home. Not really. (He smiles.) 
